Who would win out of Guardians of the Galaxy vs The Defenders, and why?
10 men with hammers vs a pick-up truck sized Lobster: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Son Goku or Saitama?
Who'd win, A red piller vs A neckbeard?
Who will win, India vs Pakistan?
Iron Man vs. Superman -- who would win?
The Central Powers get an AT-AT Walker and the Allies get a T-Rex, what changes: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight between Black Panther and Captain America? Why?
Who would win if 1940s America fought Nazi Germany 1 versus 1?
If a non-nuclear war broke out during the Cold War between NATO and the Warsaw Pact, who would win?
In middle-distance athletics, has a pace-setter ever gone on to win the race?
Who would win between Gears of War and Halo?
Who would come out on top out of Aquaman vs Shazam, and why?
Who would win a game of chess between Donald Trump and Barack Obama?
Who would win, One Punch Man or Superman One Million?
To win a 16 km bicycling race in how much time i have to complete?
Who'd win, 12 unarmed kung fu masters vs adult african elephant?
The Ultimate Tournament of Power Consisting of Dragonball, Naruto, Bleach, DC, Marvel, Disney, Nicktoones, Yu Yu Hakusho, Cartoon Network, and Adult Swim who would win?
Who is the strongest male dc character wonder woman can beat, who is the weakest male that could beat her?
Who'd win, Fnaic CS:GO team VS 5 members of SEAL Team 6 with SAO level full dive VR?
Who would win, SSGSS4 Goku or Ultra Instinct GT Goku?
Who wins in a fight, a xenomorph or a werewolf?
Who would have the edge out of Malefor VS Drago Bludvist, and why?
Who would win in a rap battle between Eminem and Kanye West? Why?
Who would win, Gray Fullbuster or Galand the Truth? The battle location is in Kirigakure.
Who would win in a war between the Northern Union army of the American civil war and the Prussian army of the Franco Prussian war?
Who would win in a battle between 1 Nimitz-class aircraft carrier and the entire fleet of the largest naval battle in history, the Battle of Jutland?
Who would win in a fight between Sasuke and Pain?
Who would win, Ryu vs Batman?
My friend and I had an argument between who would win in a fight between The Hulk and Deadpool
Who would win in a fight: Captain America or Batman?
Who would win a war between Indonesia and Brazil?
Who would win in a war between China and Fiji?
How might the intensifying trade wars between the United States and its adversaries be worse than the ongoing combat wars, the deepening culture wars, and the largely neglected cyber wars and disinformation campaigns?
SSJ3 Goku vs Superman: Who would be the champion?
What can beat a Kodiak grizzly bear?
Nicholas Allen - Instead of fighting villains as The Flash, he decides to bring gifts and coal to kids, becoming Santa Flash: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Stinger or Bushidrill?
Is Deadpool invincible? Has anybody defeated him let alone killed him?
Who would win a war between Iran and Pakistan without the use of nukes?
Who would win in a fight, Kylo Ren or Dave Consiglio?
Who would win this battle: Deadshot vs Bulls Eye vs Captain Boomerang in a game of Darts?
You vs this mad-libs-esque tale of coming to power. Who would win?
Who would win out of 4 Indominus Rexes vs Devil Dinosaur and Moon Boy, and why?
Which historical figure would be the most powerful and or awesome if the propaganda and legends about them were true?
Who'd win, A single Tardigrade vs the entire Imperium of Man ?
Who would win, Count Dooku vs The Mountain?
You run an Animal Ladder Who would win?
Who would win, Batman vs poker pros?
If there were a football match between a team of best attackers against a team of best defenders, who would win?
Who'd win, Dante vs. The town of Yharnam?
One of each Pokemon vs. one billion lions: Who would be the champion?
Ant Man vs Wasp vs. the Monarch vs Squirrel Girl at exterminating pests: Who would be victorious?
The Death Star fires a blast at full power at Earth. Goku fires back at the Death Star from Earth, at the same time, with Kamehameha. Who lives?
Who would have the edge out of Sub-zero vs a water Bender, and why?
Who would come out on top out of Armless Tiger Man vs. the Black Knight, and why?
Who would win in a fight between MCU actors?
Who would be the champion out of Barack Obama vs. Donald Trump, and why?
Who would win a fight between a Samurai, a Viking and a Knight?
Have you ever fought someone and did you win?
During the U.S. Civil War, why did the South peacefully rejoin the Union after military defeat in set-piece battles rather than launching a guerrilla insurgency?
Batman, Captain America, Solid Snake, Rorscach, and Black Panther are tasked with finding Osama Bin Laden: Who would win?
Who would win in a duel between every Smash Bros. character, based on their canon games alone?
Who will win the upcoming boxing fight between Mayweather and Connor McGregor?
Who'd win, The Justice League vs Navy SEAL Copy pasta?
Obama vs Putin vs Tony Abbot: Who would win?
Naruto replaces Goku during the battle against Raditz
Who would win, spongebob vs blastoise. blastoise can only use water moves?
If Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Barack Obama fought each other, who would win?
What was the fight between Vishwamitra and Vashishta about?
Who would win in a fight, Korra or Natsu?
Who would win, Initial Doomsday or Wonder Woman?
Who would have the edge out of 80 Sharks With Centipede Feet vs A Taco Bell Franchise Made of Human Flesh With A Taco Cannon, and why?
Who is the strongest character Jackie Chan could beat, if he had all the zodiac talismans?
When did the average German soldier on the Eastern Front come to the realization that Russia was unbeatable? I watch a lot of WW2 movies like Generation War and Stalingrad, and even at Kursk morale was very high.
Who would be the winner out of Chrom VS. Ichigo the Substitute Soul Reaper, and why?
The Predator is dropped off on Isla Nublar. Can he hunt down and kill Indominus rex: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight, Kakashi or Aang?
A squad of 12 US Marines <VS> the U.S. Men's Olympic Water Polo team
Death Squadron vs. the Fifth Fleet: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Xenomorph or The Flood?
Every superhero born on DC Earth fights every superhero on Marvel Earth. Which Earth wins?
Who would win, Beyonder or Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet?
Who would win, Geralt of Rivia vs Bigby Wolf?
Who would win, Fabio or Assassin Mentor: Ezio Auditore da Firenze?
Who would win in a total war between neurotypical humans and autistic, Asperger’s and indigo humans?
Weakest animal who can beat Conan the Barbarian
Who would win in a fight between Fire Lord Ozai in his prime and Darth Vader?
Who would win a fight between Ajax and Robert Baratheon?
Who would be victorious out of The Last Centurion vs Captain Jack Harkness, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and Carl Jung?
Obi-Wan Kenobi vs Berserk: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a battle between a sea otter and a doberman?
Who would win a battle between The Thing and Caiera the Oldstrong?
Who would win this match: Bigby Wolf vs The Dragon Born?
Who'd win, Batman vs Spider-Man?
Who would win in a war between Malta and Papua New Guinea?
A gorilla with tiger arms vs a tiger with gorilla arms: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Maul and Grand Admiral Thrawn?
Who would win, Solid Snake vs Sam Fisher?
Every Mutant in Marvel Comics Vs. Every Stand user in Jojo.
Who would win in a fight: Syrio Forel or Gregor Clegane?
Who would win in a fight, Android 17 or Superman?
Who would win out of Vampire Batman vs Zombie Hulk, and why?
Who would win in a battle royal, the Justice League or The Avengers?
Who Would Win: You with a wooden bat vs a rhino but he's the size of a motorcycle 🏍️
Your favorite Vampire-Hunter vs. a Gauntlet of Vampires
Who's the strongest fire user that Evangeline A.K. McDowell can beat?
Who would win between Bruce Lee and Kimbo Slice both in their primes MMA style fight?
Who would win, Ryoma vs an army of 6 foot tall Lobsters?
Create a situation where the Hulk has become so angry that he can solo the Universe of your choice.
Who would win in a battle between a demon and an angel?
Who would win this punch-up: Wonder Woman vs Thor?
iOS versus Android - which will win and why?
Who'd win, Byakuya Kuchiki VS Gaara of the Sand?
Why couldn't the Russian pilot with SU 25 jet fighter shot with a manpad in Idlib in Syria, navigate his parachute back to the Russia airbase or a safer zone 90km away?
Who would win in a fight: Obi-Wan Kenobi or Voldemort?
You and your Best Friend vs Andre the Giant Who would win?
Battle Royal featuring every FICTIONAL president. Who wins?
What if someone was a citizen of both the USA and Australia and they hypothetically entered a conflict? Which country would they support as each oath has a line about loyalty to a country? Would it be treason to fight for one side and not the other?
If there is a war between India and China, how can India defend and win that?
Who would win this combat: Allied Powers vs. Nazi Chimps?
Who would win in a video game contest, 3,000 scientists or 3,000 Navy SEALs?
Your Mom's Side Of The Family vs Your Dad's Side Of The Family
Who is the strongest character Master Chief's decapitated head could defeat, assuming he has the Spartan helmet on.
Who would win, Nolanverse Batman versus a SEAL team?
Who'd win, Deathstroke vs Spiderman?
Why won't John Kasich, Rand Paul, Martin O'Malley, Carly Fiorina, Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum leave the race since they have no chance of winning?
One Piece versus
Who would be the victor out of The best 5 Counter Strike players vs. 5 Navy SEALs, and why?
Who would win, A Space Marine vs An Adult Bull African Elephant?
Who would win if a ram fought a boar?
Noble Team from Halo versus Raptor Team from Crysis: Who would win?
Who would win, 3 UNSC Marines or 1 ODST?
Who would win this fight: Segata Sanshiro & Goku vs. Chuck Norris & Superman?
Who would win this brawl: Warrior Madness Thor vs Thanos?
Who would win, Godzilla versus Voltron?
Every Team of the Month vs. every Character of the Week
Who would win this brawl: Wonder Woman vs Thor?
Who would win in a fight between Kylo Ren and Yamcha?
Who would win, Caesar vs Caesar?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Aliens vs Twice as many acid-proof raptors, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Tracer and The Flash?
Superheroes: Who will win a battle between Superman and Magneto?
Who'd win, Katniss Everdeen vs. Ender Wiggin, one on one combat in zero gravity?
Who would win this fight: Captain Cold vs Shoto Todoroki?
ANIME BATTLE ROYALE
Everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked Skyrim
Who would win in a battle between Barney and Peppa Pig?
Who'd win, Whitebeard vs Earthshaker, Sand King, and Elder Titan?
Who would win, Bat-Family vs Uncanny X-Force?
Who would win a fight between Usagi Yojimbo and the Warriors of Virtue?
Who would win in a battle between Guts and Darth Vader?
Who would win this combat: Mob vs The Foot Clan?
Who would be the victor out of Genos vs Alucard, and why?
Who would give the best guidance? Yoda, Master Splinter,Mr. Miyagi , Gandalf, Old Spock, Mr. Roshi, Pai Mei, Raiden, The Ancient One or an Ent that grows marijuana leaves instead of regular tree leaves.
In a fight to the finish between al-Qaeda and ISIS who will win?
All Olympic Athletes vs Historical Armies
How many Cheetahs would it take to kill a squad of 10 Rangers.
Great Debate Tourney Sign-Ups
World Breaker Hulk vs Rune King Thor vs Chaos War Hercules vs Hunter/Prey Doomsday vs Trion Juggernaut, who wins?
In a hypothetical battle of Westeros, who would win a fight between Ned Stark and Robert Baratheon?
Spongebob Squarepants vs. Montgomery Burns: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Churchill vs. Hitler in a boxing match?
Who would be victorious out of Polybius has become real and resurfaced. How many people can it affect before it gets taken down in a month, and why?
Who would win, Feitan or Illumi Zoldyck?
What version of the T-34 tank could be considered the war-winning tank?
Can any animal in the history of Earth beat a Deathclaw?
Who would win, Avengers or Sentinels?
Who would win this combat: Chaos Gods vs Dormammu, Shuma Gorath, Mephisto, and Chaos King?
Who would win, Hit or Future Zamasu?
Who would win this duel: Skeletor vs Mum-Rah?
Who would win a war between Zambia and Zimbabwe?
Who would win in a fight between Edward Cullen and Damon Salvatore from Vampire Diaries?
Rally Vincent vs. Nicholas Angel: Who would have the edge?
Who would be the victor out of Pitt vs Devil DInosaur, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Goten or Supergirl?
Who'd win, Kung Fury vs. Kylo Ren?
In a box fight between Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko, who would be the winner?
In a Mass Knife Fight to the Death Between Every American President, Who Would Win and Why?
Who would win, Zero Vs. Metal Sonic?
Ash’s Snorlax runs a Star Wars gauntlet.
Who'd win, Black Panther vs. White Pantera?
ISIS versus North Korea: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Best Dynasty: 90s Bulls vs late 90s/early 00s Yankees vs New England Patriots?
Which side would win in an all out war between India, Japan and the USA vs China with other countries intervening?
A bunch of Youtubers get in a fight. What would be the most interesting line-up to watch and why?
Who would be the champion out of Female Feline War: Black Cat vs. Hellcat vs. Catwoman vs. Tigra vs. Tigress vs. Cheetah vs. Cheetara vs. Felicia , White Tiger , Feral , Thornn , and Shadowcat, and why?
Who would win, Batman with Hellbat armor or Beerus?
Who would win in a war between humans and animals, with no weapons allowed?
Kraven the Hunter is given access to Batman's arsenal. Who of these characters can he capture within the month?
Who will win in a fight between Madara Uchiha and Magneto?
Who'd win between The Hulk and Popeye?
Who would win, Kefla vs Aralé?
Who would win a fight between Hulk and God?
Who will win in a fight between Batman and the Kingpin?
If war broke out between India and China then which country should Indian Muslims take shelter so that when the war is over they can again return to India?
Who would be victorious out of Guts VS Fire Lord Ozai, and why?
Why there is always a fight between CSE and Mechanical engineering students in most of engineering colleges?
In a fight between the Sentry and Hela, who would win and how would the fight play out?
How many "unarmed" humans would it take to kill a hippo?
Tensions are rising in Turkey, along with violence. What would happen to the region if civil war were to break out?
Who'd win, Lightsaber vs Shard blade?
If every country in Europe went to war against each other without any outside power entering, who would win?
Who would win Naruto from Naruto or Guts from Berserk
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Naruto?
Who would win between Batman and Ozymandias from Watchmen?
Bruce Lee vs Karate cow: Who would claim victory?
Who would win between Napoleonic France and the CSA with both at their military peaks?
Who would be the champion out of Pam Poovey vs Ron Swanson, and why?
Who would win this match: The bronze bull from Percy Jackson and the sea of monsters vs a modern day tank?
Who would win in a fight between Bugs Bunny and MCU Thanos?
Who'd win, David Blaine, Danny Ocean, and Benjamin Gates must steal a high-tech boat the size and weight of a blue whale?
Who would win in a scenario fight between Sombra and Marcus Holloway?
r/whowouldwin presents r/WWW WrestleMania Post-Show
Could the Borg Collective defeat Brainiac?
Who would win, North Korea or Reddit?
Could an army of Endermen defeat the Water Nation ?
You vs Batman, with a twist. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between the weakest Sith and the weakest Jedi?
The Mongols Interrupting the Attack on Minas Tirith
If a cabbage fought a piece of toast, in a cabbage patch, who would win and why?
What are some examples in military history of one side being outmatched and winning?
What would happen if all bacteria declared war on humans?
Who would win out of Brain control vs. Mind control, and why?
Which animal would win in a fight: a panther or a lion?
Who'd win, Monstro the Whale vs Man o' War fleet?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Black Panther vs Full Grown Groot, and why?
Who'd win, Timmy's Dad vs. Homer Simpson?
Who would win in a war between Vietnam and Pakistan? Why?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Strange and Marvel's Zeus?
Piggybacking off another thread, Batman vs an Anaconda but with the bite of a T-Rex and has the Speedforce.
Who'd win, Mr. Meeseeks vs. North Korea?
Who do you think would win between Anthony Joshua and Dolph Lundgren if they fought and why?
What if Indrajith fights Arjuna? Who will win?
How Do We Win the Fight Against Dark Spiritual Forces?
What would happen to Internet if US is under attack by China or Russia?
Who would win in a fight between Sentry and Cosmic Spiderman?
A Blue Whale vs Submarine. Who would win?
Who would win, Aquaman vs. Ronan the Accuser?
What is the strongest historical nation Vatican City can defeat?
Who would win in a war between present day North Korea and WW2 era America, without outside intervention?
Who would win in a fight, Itachi or Boba Fett?
Who would win in a noble fight between Leonidas and Bruce Lee?
Who would win in a street brawl: an unarmed Jason Bourne or 007?
Who would win, Darth Maul vs Count Dooku?
Who would win, Kakunsa vs Vikal?
Historical Movie Fighter Free-for-all
Who would win a fight between Jason Todd red hood and the Wolverine?
Who would win out of The Punisher and Black Panther have to take down Lord Voldemort . How do they succeed, and why?
Who would win this brawl: 1 Elephant sized Hitler vs 4 Hitler sized Elephants?
If World War 3 happened with conventional warfare, how deadly would it be?
If all the DC villains fought all the Marvel villains, which side would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Samus Aran vs a Keeper of Secrets?
Who would be the winner out of Justice League vs. The Ginyu Force, and why?
Who would win in a war between the Philippines and Vietnam?
Who would win, 500 rabbits vs 1 male adult lion?
Are battles ever as intense as those shown in “Saving Private Ryan” in the beach scene and final battle, or as intense as the first battle in Hacksaw Ridge? YouTube videos show Iraq veterans shooting and barely leaving cover.
Who would win in a fight, Gohan or Wonder Woman?
Who will win in a war between Egypt and Ethiopia?
Who would win this brawl: Batman vs. Jesus?
Who would win a fight between Saruman and Dumbledore?
Who would win, MCU Punisher vs Cable?
Who would win, Kakin Prince or Shadow Beasts?
If all 45 American presidents somehow got into a fight, who would win?
If the Avengers fought Superman, who would win?
Who would win, 50 very well-trained soldiers with 2018 era weapons, or 1,000 untrained thug with WW1 weapons?
Who would win this battle: Batman and Spider-Man vs Baman and Piderman?
WWW runs for president
Who would win, Omni-King vs Gryll?
Who would win, spiderman vs the attack on titan universe?
If World War One and Two had never happened what would the world be like now?
Who would win, Tobirama Senju or Jiren?
Buffy the vampire slayer vs King T'Challla
Could Germany win a defensive 1 versus 1 against France?
Can an unarmed human defeat a baboon?
If WW3 happened, would the countries in the Five Eyes have America’s back?
Who would win, Steve Jobs vs Bernie Sanders at convincing as many of their followers as possible to willingly drink a glass of poison koolaid?
Who would win, SSB Kaio-ken X20 Goku or Jiren?
Who would win in an all out war between the Q Continuum and the race of Beyonders?
What are the best questions about the 2014 Lok Sabha Elections?
Who'd win in a fight, an Army man or a Marine?
Who would win this combat: The Hack N Slash All Stars take on all-comers. Bayonetta, Dante, and Raiden team up. Who is the weakest person to defeat them?
You get to pick three of ten shitty powers. With these powers, who's the strongest character you can beat? Who would win?
Who'd win, Hammerhead vs. Bull Shark?
Who would win, Minato Namikaze vs Thor?
You with a time machine must assassinate a historical figure of your choice Who would win?
Who would win this war: Wolverine and Deadpool VS A 100 Xenomorphs, The Queen Xenomorph, A Group Of 10 Predators, An Army of 50 Raptors, The Indominus Rex and Calvin?
Who would win, Mystic Gohan vs Vegeta?
What would happen if Turkey declares war on Mexico?
Who would win in a fight between Andrei Arlovski vs Brandon Vera?
Who'd win, Bear vs Sheep?
Could Britain have won the Falklands War if they took the fighting to the Argentinian mainland, how would a hypothetical war have gone and the aftermath?
Who would win in a fight: Jason Bourne vs. Ethan Hunt?
Combat: Which most likely would win a dogfight between the Messerschmitt 262 and the Gloster Meteor?
Every Nintendo Franchise goes to war with each other. Which franchise beats out the others?
Why couldn't the USA win the Vietnam war, Iraq war, Afghan, and Somalia operation against those insurgents with deployment of snipers? Did the enemy have better snipers? Was the enemy able to evade the threat posed by USA snipers?
Who would win in a fight: Liam Neeson from Taken or Matt Damon from Bourne?
Lightning McQueen vs. The guy from Speed Racers
An army of 100 Wookiees vs. You with a flamethrower
In "Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit", what car in each class has the highest win percentage in online races?
You must cause the most amount of chaos by shapeshifting into any animal of your choice. Which animal do you pick? Who would win?
An average adult bull vs The Greatest hand to hand combatant in the world
Who would win an all-out war between Israel and Egypt, Syria, Iraq, Jordan and Lebanon without nukes?
If the Australian and Canadian militaries were to go to war against each other with no outside help, who would win? How would each nation fair in an invasion against each other?
Who would win, Vader vs Malgus?
The Ghost Busters vs Danny Phantom: Who would come out on top?
Who would win this combat: Crocodile vs Gaara?
Who would win out of Superman Vs Goku, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Itachi or Minato?
How good would these average warriors/fighters be as Superheroes? How long would they last? What kind of tactics or strategies would they have and how would they stand in a fight?
Dr. Strange and Doctor Fate lose their powers. Working together, who's the strongest opponent they could beat: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a battle between Darkseid and Deadpool?
Who would win, you vs The World?
If Ned Stark and Jorah Mormont got into a fight, who would win?
How many silverback gorillas could these versions of Batman defeat?
These Seem Pretty Popular, I'll give it a try
Wrath the furious vs Water 7 Zoro
If a Greek Spartan and a Navy SEAL fought in hand to hand combat, who would win?
Who would win this fight: Cidolfas Orlandu vs. Sephiroth?
A showdown between 5 video game all-stars
Who would be victorious out of A pack of police dogs vs a grey wolf, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Chrollo Lucilfer and Pain's Deva Path/Tendo?
What weapons or gear are logically unusable to average humans?
What are some of the greatest 'comebacks' in military history?
Who would be the winner out of Luke Skywalker falls into toxic waste, and rises as Darth Joker. Can he finally break the Bat, and why?
In battle between giant squid and sperm whale who is likely to win? Whale is mammal, presumably much smarter than squid.?
300 UNSC Spartan-IIs replace the 300 Spartans at the Battle of Thermopylae. Instead of Persians, they are facing the entire Roman army. Can they hold them off?
A Lesson on Battle Slang
Who'd win, Wonder Woman vs Green Lantern?
If the US Marines and the US Army went to war, and both were supported by the federal government in terms of resources, who would win?
Galactus vs Trigon: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Samus Aran or Luffy?
Could Harry Potter defeat Batman in a fight?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or South Indian movies' heroes?
Can the US missile defense win an arms race against North Korean ICBMs over the long term?
Who would win in a war between France and Russia? No nukes and no NATO involved.
Who would win in a full on fight to the death, no holding back and only one can walk away, Goku at his highest possible power level, or Superman not holding anything back?
What would have happened if President Truman had turned Japan into a republic? How would Japanese society react in the short and long runs?
Eating contest! Goku vs. Pacman vs. A Hungry Hungry Hippo
Captain Picard meets a human so reprehensible that he decides that humanity deserves extermination
Who would win between a T-rex and a million house cats?
Can a fully grown reticulated python eat an adult human?
The language your first name orignated in plus the object to your right is a superhero. That superhero vs. your username: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Naruto as child or Boruto?
In The MCU, who would win in a fight between Hulk and Captain America?
Who would win, Rage Shenron vs Naturon Shenron?
Who would win a tug of war between a 3000HP SD40-2 locomotive or two 1500HP GP7 locos? Why?
How many actual spiders would it take to kill a spider-themed Superhero?
How long would a bloodlusted fight between Darth Vader and Sidious last before Vader loses?
Who would win a war between India and Libya?
Who would win out of Beerus decides he needs a break. After sitting down a strange portal opens. A man wearing a purple and red shirt walks out, lies down, places down his ebony colored wand and closes his eyes. Beerus asks why he is there. The man replies, "I'm do8bg the fishstick, it's a very delicate state of mind.", and why?
Who would win this battle: The living and recently extinct wildlife of each continent fight against those from other continents. Which team wins?
Who would win, Gorilla vs Late Medieval Knight?
My boyfriend is ignoring me after we had a fight. What should I do?
could any human who has ever lived beat 3 street toughs with baseball bat?
Who would win in a battle between a Rhodesian monkey terrier and a chimpanzee?
Your fav. character with a run of the mill variant of their personal weapon vs. a normal human with their personal weapon.
Could Pinky and The Brain take over Marvel Earth?
Who would win this combat: 5 WWII P-51 veterans vs 5 War Thunder Pros flying P-51D's?
Who would win between White Lantern, Superman Prime with Odin Force vs Thanos with the infinity gauntlet and the omega beams?
Who would win in a fight between Ego the Living Planet and Mogo?
Who will win the ICC Champions Trophy 2017, Pakistan or India?
Somehow, Glass Joe has obtained the Infinity Gauntlet with a single gem. Given this handicap, who is the strongest character he can beat in a 1v1 boxing match?
Who would win a fight between Carol Danvers and Thor?
The antagonist of the last thing you watched/played is now the President of the United States. How well does he/she/it do?
All Might vs Garou
Who would win, Samurai Jack's Water Drop Feat vs Pikachu's Log Feat?
Who would win, Alien or "unarmed" predator?
The Predator hunts the Twilight vampires
Who would win, Zod with full power or Bruce Wayne?
Team Nick V. Team CN
What is the latest year in human history that a single vampire could single handedly conquer or obliterate our species?
Gaara vs Neji: Who would claim victory?
Who would be the winner out of Jiren vs. 50 Dora Milaje, and why?
Who would win, Master Splinter or Batman?
Round 1!
Who would win in a fight, Akatsuki or the Seven Deadly Sins?
Who would have won in a war between Sparta and the Empire of Trebizond at their heights?
If all countries in Europe including the European part of Russia made an alliance and declared war to a unified Asia that includes Siberia and the Middle East who would win in a non nuclear war and why?
Who would win in a 2 v 1 fight between UI Goku, Superman Prime, and Dr. Manhattan?
Who would have the edge out of A Grot vs a bull dog, and why?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Spider-Man and Gambit vs Beast and Cyclops, and why?
The first two World Wars proved to be the cause of death and destruction. What happens if a third world war takes place?
Who would win this war: Black Cat vs. Black Widow?
Was the invasion of Poland a cake walk for the Germans?
Who would have the edge out of Leonidas and the 300 Spartans VS Caesar and 300 Apes, and why?
Who would win, Connor vs Agent 47?
If a war broke out between the wizards of Harry Potter universe and United States military, who would win?
Who wins in a street fight between Mel Gibson and Jet Li, both in their prime?
Who would win, Luffy or Luffy?
Who would win, The armies of Mordor vs The Armies of the white hand?
Who would win, Dyspo vs Thor?
All armored fighting vehicles in the world come to life and attack humanity, being able to work as if being handled by an expert crew. What happens next?
If ISIS fought the Khmer Rogue, who would win?
Who would win, A Moose vs A Grizzly Bear?
Who would win out of Bayonetta vs Wonder Woman, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Isildur or Elendil?
Who would win, Voldemort, Grindelwald, Dementors & the Obscurus vs Cad Bane, Asajj Ventress, Darth Maul, & General Grievous?
Who would win in a fight, Sauron or Smaug?
Who'd win, Thor vs. Silver Surfer?
Super Saiyan God Goku VS Big Rig With 1 Hour Prep Time: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a war between Pakistan and Brazil, if they were neighbors?
You tied between two boards with two guns vs. 100 beavers. Who would win?
Who would win, Pippi or the Hulk?
Who would win a fight between the juggernaut and Sandman?
Who would win a fight between Human Torch and Iceman?
can Kylo Ren and Rey defeat Lord Voldemort & Gellert Grindelwald?
Who would win, Armored Batman vs Cyborg?
Who'd win, Guy dressed as One Punch Man vs guy dressed as Goku?
Who would win if Meliodas didn't lose his memory against Escanor?
If Muhummad Ali from 1968 fought Mike Tyson from 1988 in a heavy weight boxing match who do you think would win?
Who would win between Smaug and the 1998 Tristar's American version of Godzilla?
Oroku Karai vs. the Green Arrow: Who would win?
Who would win this battle: Marvel and DC Join the Tournament of Power , what happens?
Who would win, Orow Branwen vs Ozpin?
Who would win, Cheetu or Might Guy?
Thanos with Infinity Gauntlet vs. 20th level 3.5 edition DnD Wizard. With a twist: Who would have the edge?
Glass Joe with Brass Knuckles and boxing headgear vs peak condition Mike Tyson: Who would win?
What historical facts, about World War II in Europe, are actually incorrect?
What are the key steps to winning a race for the state House of Representatives?
Who would win this combat: Wonder Woman vs Hela?
Who is currently winning in the Apple versus Samsung court case in 2014?
Who would win, a balrog or the Hulk?
Who do you think would win if Neji and Sasuke fought during the Chunin Exam tournament battle?
Naruto now vs. Madara, who would win in the fight?
What would have happened if Genghis Khan attacked the Seleucid Empire with his barbaric Mongolian army? Will he be victorious or defeated by Seleucus Nicator?
Who would win, UFC league vs. 100 silverback gorillas?
Who'd win, Lord Voldemort vs Loki Laufeyson?
Who would claim victory out of 1996 Chicago Bulls VS 2012 Team USA, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Teen Titans or The Young Avengers?
Who would win, Goku or Goku?
Who would win, Beerus vs Blade?
Who would win the war between Korea and Vietnam, if they were neighbors?
Who would come out on top out of The team from Fringe vs. the cases from Supernatural and vice versa, and why?
Who'd win, Goku vs Wonder Woman?
If we would have a WW3 in 2018, which country would be victorious?
Who would be the winner out of Obama vs the American Gladiators, and why?
Who would win a war between Germany and Turkey?
Who would win in the face off between ISIS and KKK?
Which Jet Fighter is Best in the world and which is best among Sukhoi Su-30 MKI versus Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor?
Who would come out on top out of 8 month old baby vs 10 Bullet Ants, and why?
Every Fire Emblem unit vs. Every Pokemon
How do INTPs fare in a fight as compared to other MBTI types?
Who would win, Martha Kent or Jonathan Kent?
Will Russia be alone if war breaks out against NATO?
Who would win this punch-up: Polar Bear vs. Spanish Fighting Bull vs. Silverback Gorilla?
Who would win in a war between USA and Brazil?
Who'd win, Lord Voldemort vs MCU King T'Challa?
Who would win in a fight, Sean Hannity or Alex Jones?
Who will win in a fight between the Thing and Drax the Destroyer?
How many Jurassic Park Velociraptors would it take to kill a Deathclaw from Fallout?
Who'd win, Power Rangers vs Voltron?
Who would win in a fight between Magnus Chase versus Carter Kane? Why?
Who would win: Megaton versus Ironman?
Who would win this combat: The Prince vs Bayonetta?
Who'd win, Bruce Wayne pushes Bruce Banner out of the way at the last second and ends up absorbing the gamma radiation in Banner's place. How does Batman cope with turning to an enormous green rage monster? Who can stop Bat-hulk?
Who would win, Captain America vs Black Panther?
Can Papyrus stop Beerus, God of Destruction, from destroying the Earth?
100 Berenike Knights led by Black Iron Tarkus invade the realm of Skyrim in a few scenarios.
Which dog breed can beat a large constricting snake?
Who would win in a fight between Alex Armstrong and Captain America?
Who would win this combat: One Shot, One Kill! Sniper Battle Royale! Sniper vs Sniper Wolf vs. The End?
Who would win in a fight between Coldplay and Muse?
Who would win? Vietnam navy vs Indonesia navy
Who would win in a fight? Reddit or 4chan's /b/?
In a battle between CIA and drones vs. POTUS, the United States Military, and the NSA, who would win?
Who would win a fight between Achilles and Leonidas?
Who would win in a battle between a pit bull and a gibbon?
Who would win in a total war, the Roman Empire at its height or the Arab Caliphate at its height?
Who would win in a fight, Sonic or Hulk?
Who would be the best matchups for samurai jack in a Death battle?
Pre-4B Zebra runs a One Piece Main Villains gauntlet
Featuring... the Dark Judges!
100 lb mountain lion vs. 100 lb Doberman: Who would have the edge?
If there was a hacking/coding battle between illegal hacking teams and the top coders at Google/Facebook, who would win?
Constantine vs. Ghost Rider: Who would be the champion?
Who would win a war between ISIS and Waffen SS of Nazi Germany?
Who would win in a battle between a troop of 15 chimps and a pack of 15 wolves?
Who would win, Sephiroth One Winged Angel vs Good Buu?
Who would win, Saitama or Vision?
US Civil War 2 but with a twist
Who would win? A grizzly bear or 2 wolves?
Who would win in a fight between Khal Drogo from Game of Thrones and Daasatan from Ashoka Samrat?
Who would win the fight: Thanos vs Doraemon?
Who would be the victor out of Weakest cosmic entity vs. strongest non-cosmic character, and why?
Who would win, Batman or The Flash?
How many wolves would it take to take down a rhino?
Who would come out on top out of Po and the Furious Five vs The Gaang, and why?
All the fictional presidents have been summoned to the president-thunder-dome! Who wins?
Who would win the race, high power, high acceleration or high speed?
Who would win between the Eastern and Western continental United States?
In what proportion does winning an F1 race depend on the driver and his car?
What if WW3 broke out and Russia, China + their allies won?
U.S. Civil War: What would have happened had Robert E. Lee won at the Battle of Gettysburg?
How is focusing on winning instead of the winner's races against diversity?
Who would win in a war between Sudan and Norway?
Who would win in a fight between All Might, and The Thing?
Who would win in a war between the World of Warcraft universe and the United States?
Who would be victorious out of Welexi Sunhawk vs. Mirai Kuriyama, and why?
What would be the greatest fight ever in Marvel history if it happened?
Could rick survive the total prespective vortex?
Who would win a war between Turkey and Mexico?
Who is the weakest character that could beat the goat from Goat Simulator?
Who would win, Cassandra Cain vs Guts?
Who would win, Iron Man and War Machine vs Black Panther and Killmonger?
eddy vs mr. krabs in a boxing match for 100 dollars.
When you're in a situation that calls for a fight, is it better to punch first or punch second?
If there is war between the Borg and the Dominion, who would win?
Who would win this duel: Lex Luthor and Steve Rogers run for president?
Who would win this brawl: Katana vs Deadpool?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Optimus Prime?
A team of nine individuals have dedicated their lives to dismantling the Slaughterhouse Nine . They call themselves the Looney Bin Ten.
If Captain America and Captain Britain from the Marvel Comics would face off, who would win?
An experiment goes terribly awry at an Illuminati demonstration; how do the world's celebrities fare in the 16th Century?
Who's the weakest character who could avoid a vlapping from Doctor Octopus?
What are some unknown facts and stories about the 1999 Kargil war?
If all humans were shrunk in size, how long could we live?
Who would win this match: 300 Million Ants vs United States?
What would happen if Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine?
Who will win in a death battle between all Akatsuki members vs. the five Kages who fought Madara?
Who'd win, Caim vs. Guts?
Who would win, Affleck’s Batman or Evans’ Captain America?
Who would win in a fight: The Balrog or the Witch-king of Angmar?
Cleric John Preston is locked into a true virtual training simulation. His Training Objective: Kill the specified targets until he killed. How far does he get against other movie non-superhero gun specialist assassins?
Who would win, Carl Brutananadilewski vs Uncle Cheech?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Strange and Loki?
Who would win this fight: 30 English Longbowmen vs a T. Rex?
Who could kill Wonder Woman with her own lasso??
How can your favorite fictional universe survive Mayhem?
Who would win, North Korea vs. Nazi Germany?
Who would win this war: Hobgoblin, Shocker and Rhino vs Bullseye, Sabretooth and Multiplex?
How would Batman fight if the villain is a gangster?
All of Reddit's bots in an all-out Battle Royale
Who'd win, Black Sabbath are playing a concert, who can create more badass lightning background effects, Darth Bane, Sidious or anyone I've missed?
Who would win in a fight, Madara Uchiha or Nappa? Why?
You now have the powers of the first anime villain you saw. Who would win?
War of the gods
Who would win, Yennefer of Vengerberg vs Buffy the vampire slayer?
Who would win in a fight between a dog and a fox?
How do I hurt my opponent in a fight?
In a war between Azerbaijan and Uruguay, who would win?
What force from sci-fi could invade and conquer Cadia in a convential war?
Who will win if there is a war between India and Bangladesh?
Who would win, Boodikka vs Sinestro as Yellow Lantern?
Between the Star Wars universe and the Culture universe, which would win?
Who would win, Magneto or Wonder Woman?
In a battle between a sociopath wolf and a narcissist wolf, who do you think would win and why?
Who would win in a tag team battle between Batman and Shazam and Captain America and Thor?
Who would win, Batman and Green Lantern vs Superman?
Who would win between Bruce Lee and Morihei Ueshiba and why?
Who would win, Infinity Gauntlet Thanos or Superman?
What would the world be like if WWI and WWII never happened?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Doom and Doomsday?
People are suddenly able to fight in nonlethal duels, similarly to Touhou.
Who would win, Doctor Octopus vs. Captain America & Winter Soldier?
Mike Tyson in his prime vs. Bruce lee in a boxing match: Who would have the edge?
If the Star Wars world would collide with StarCraft, which world would win the intergalactic war?
Who would win, Tim Gunn vs. Ken Burns?
Robots vs. Ninjas. Who wins?
Which car would win a race on a track, the Honda Civic Type R or the Cayman S?
All the ants in the world vs all the humans. Just flat out war.
How many adult velociraptors would it take to kill Clifford the Big Red Dog?
Who would claim victory out of Captain America vs 2 Silverback Gorillas, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Saitama vs Being infected with Brain Prions?
Who would come out on top out of brain vs brawn: dumbest low powerhouse vs you with 24 hour prep time, and why?
If Goku is infinitely powerful as people like to claim, then how would he ever struggle in a fight?
What would happen if a war broke out between humans and robots in the year 2100?
When a team win 4 in a row in the playoffs in basketball, what is it called? Horse race, triple crown, etc?
Bored with being President, Donald Trump decides to flip through the TV channels. As he passes Disney Channel, Cory Baxter jumps out of the TV and says, "Get out of my house".
Who would win in a fight a full grown Gorilla or a Leopard?
Who would be victorious out of Indominus Rex vs 150 Kangaroos, and why?
Sweden’s government sent leaflets warning its citizens on what to do in case of war. Does this mean WW3 is about to start?
Which Myers-Briggs personality type would win in a fight?
You're given the power of a Harry Potter wizard. Your task is to become president of the United States. But if anyone discovers that you have magic you die instantly. How do you succeed? Who would win?
If Goku fought all of the DC and Marvel good, or semi-good guys, who would win? Why?
Who'd win, The Internet vs. Ancient Rome?
How many countries would fall if WW3 or a Cold War was to actually begin?
Who would win this duel: Aizen vs Gilgamesh?
Who would win out of Tai Lung vs Starlight Glimmer, and why?
Can China win a war in Sikkim against India today?
The Clone Wars Factions vs The Galactic Civil War Factions: Who would win?
Who'd win, Silver Age Hawkman vs Ironman?
Who would win the war between IS and Chinese communist?
Which universe has the best ghosts?
Voldemort, werewolf Greyback, an Obscurus, and 6,000 Inferi vs Darth Maul, Lestat, and Dream of the Endless: Who would have the best chance of winning?
What is the strongest dinosaur a polar bear can kill?
Captain America is drawn from the Goblet of Fire instead of Harry Potter. How far can he get?
Who would win out of 100 Knights vs 200 Unsullied, and why?
If a computer, with no bias at all ran 1,000 simulated battles between Superman and Batman, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Patrick from SpongeBob and the Hulk?
Who would win, Batman and Nightwing vs Fearsome Hand of Four?
You vs. Every Ant on Earth Who would win?
If there is a crash between ISIS and the Taliban over control over Afghanistan, who would win?
Between the Dora Milaje from Wakanda and the Valkyrie from Asgard who is more highly trained and who would win in a battle on neutral ground?
Iron Man vs. Harry Potter: Who would have the best chance of winning?
King Shark VS Juggernaut
Is the imminence and inevitability of WW3 or a nuclear war giving anyone thoughts of taking their own life?
If there was a war between God and Zeus, who would win? If the loser must die, where will his soul go, paradise, Heaven or Hell?
Who'd win, Miles "Tails" Prower vs Fox McCloud?
The Justice League runs a gauntlet
Who would win, SSJ3 Goku or Goku SSJ Blue?
What is the biggest animal an average human being can defeat in a fight to the death more than 50% of the time?
In a fight between Thane Krios , Batman, Ezio Auditore , Deathstroke, and Hawkeye, who would emerge victorious?
Who would win in the war between Poland and Korea if they were neighbors?
How would Genghis Khan do against the Persian Army?
Who would win in a fight, Galactus or Doomsday?
The first 15 Xmen that I can remember off the top of my head fuse into one being, who is the strongest that can beat X-man?
Who would win in a death battle, The Flash or Wonder Woman?
Mike Tyson vs Magnus Carlson in chess boxing: Who would win?
Who would win this combat: Gorilla vs. Centaur?
Who would win in a battle between the Imperium of Man, the Federation, and the Galactic Empire?
Who would win a fight between Kingpin, The Spider-Man villain and Juggernaut?
If WWIII happened, what would neutral countries do postwar?
Who would win in a battle between shaktimaan and Goku?
The God-Empeor of Mankind lands on Judge Dredd's Earth. How long does it take for him to unite the people?
Who would win, Anakin or Bruce Lee?
All 45 Presidents challenge each other to a Rap Battle
Who would win in a hand to hand fight between Hitler and Churchill?
What does it indicate if Bernie sanders wins the primary race despite the biased news coverage?
Who'd win, Vampire Batman vs Guts?
The Flash vs Quicksilver: Who would be victorious?
Steven Universe, Connie Maheswaran, and Lion join Goku and Bulma at the start of Dragon Ball. Can they survive till the end of Dragon Ball Z: Who would win?
Who would win this battle: The Fellowship Vs. The Ka-tet?
What is the difference between being at war with another nation and simply providing "combat support" against them?
Who is the most powerful superhero that Popeye hopped up on spinach could beat?
Who would win between Conor McGregor and Buakaw Banchamek?
Would a pack of humans or wolves win in a battle?
Navy Seal Copypasta vs Batman: Who would win?
Who would win in a war between Palau and the rest of the world?
Who would win in a war between Napoleonic France and Qing China?
What happens if IS enters India and starts invading?
How many octopi can you beat in a fight while submerged in water?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Django or Black Panther, and why?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of MCU Avengers vs Apocalypse's team, and why?
300 Spartans at Thermopylae with a twist.
Who would win a fight between Part 1 Sasuke and Boruto?
Who would win, Black Panther vs. Nightwing?
United States Presidents Royal Rumble
ALL GLORY TO HYPNOTOAD
Who'd win, Kaka Carrot Cake, Virginia and Frizbee VS Your favourite character who are parodies of existing work?
How many me's does it take to kill a bloodlusted chimpanzee?
Who would come out on top out of Spider Man's villains vs Batman's villains, and why?
Who would win, Guardians of Galaxy vs. Avengers?
Who'd win, Rick Deckard vs Data?
Who would win a war between the United Kingdom and Saudi Arabia?
Who would win: Durge vs Deathstroke?
What if, instead of Joseph Stalin, Leon Trotsky had succeeded Lenin as the leader of the Soviet Union? Could the Soviet Union have won in WWII? Could the purges and brutality never have happened? How would the cold war have turned out?
Who can defeat Dr. Doom?
What's the biggest reason the US lost the Vietnam War?
Is it okay for my boyfriend to yell and curse at me in a fight?
Who would win, A Krogan vs a pack of Velociraptors?
Who would win this duel: Thought Robot, Spectre and Lucifer Morningstar vs. DBS?
Who would win, Vegito vs Mastered Ultra Instinct Goku?
Who would win, 4 Chimpanzees with 4 standard typewriters vs the complete works of Shakespeare?
Which Superhero would win in a Hunger Games full of other Superheros?
Who would win a fight between Shaktimaan and Krrish?
Who would win a mental battle between Charles Xavier with the Mind Gem and Thanos?
If the Aztecs were to go to war with Inca, who would have won?
Could Isran, Van Helsing, and Abraham Lincoln rid Tamriel of vampires?
Which would win, Lucrehulk Droid Control Ship versus MC80 Home One Cruiser?
To determine a winner in a tie breaker, does the GD number have to be the highest to win?
Strongest Superhero That Emperor Karl Franz Could Defeat.
Who would win, Rebel Patrol or Batman?
Which car would win in a race? Lamborghini Gallardo LP560 or Cadillac CTS-V coupe?
Who would win in a fight between Martian Manhunter and Superman?
Your favourite character enters the Kingsmoot. Can they convince the Ironborn to elect him/her king over Euron?
A stegosaurus runs the gauntlet
Who would win this duel: Barney vs Big Bird?
North Korea and Isis vs the world at various points in history: Who would claim victory?
Who would win a fist fight between a Viking and a Navy Seal?
Since Dante is so popular, Dante vs Gabriel Belmont as the official Lord of Shadows
Who would win, Korra vs Azula?
If a human were the size of an ant, who would win in a fight with the ant and human?
Who would win in a fight: Serena Williams or Tom Cruise?
Is there any historical warriors who could best Champion Gundyr ?
Why didn't the AAP win a single seat in Delhi?
Who would win out of A pack of grey wolves versus a pack of cheetahs, and why?
Ant Man crawls inside Thanos while he is sleeping. Once he reaches the stomach he expands to his max. What happens? Who lives?
Who would win in a fight between a German Shepard and a Doberman?
Live-Action TV Demon Hunt
Who'd win, Average Joe/Jane with a chainsaw vs. A Tiger?
Who is the most normal individual that can get through every episode of Black Mirror with their sanity intact?
Who would be victorious out of Pinky and the Brain are currently housed in Doctor Doom's personal lab, and why?
Who'd win, Spider-Gwen vs Black Cat?
Hunger Games style battle between movie incarnations of Liam Neeson.
Who would win in a fight between Dracula and Soma Cruz?
Who'd win, Mufasa and Scar vs Caesar and Koba?
If Israel attacks Iran, how long before Iran is turned into a parking lot?
In a fight between Itachi and Konan, who would win?
Who would win this match: Combustion Man VS Combustion Woman?
What would actually happen if the United States went to war with North Korea?
Who would win, Tigress vs. Armless Tiger Man?
Who would win, Space Marines versus UNSC Marines?
Who'd win, Doctor Octopus vs Yellow Jacket?
Who will win in a fight between Nagraj and Wolverine?
Who'd win, Optimus Prime vs. Devil Dinosaur?
I'm a high school student stuck in the middle of exams and my cell phone has been confiscated. How do I win this debate versus my parents so that I may get it back ASAP?
Who would win a conventional war between the U.S. and Russia?
Who would win in a battle between Smaug and Drogon?
What are some of the most interesting combats between highly powered characters from different Sci-Fi storylines, and how would they play out?
The Slaughterhouse Nine vs. the Avengers: Who would come out on top?
Hela, Goddess of death vs Wonder Woman: Who would claim victory?
Who would win a *conventional* war between France and Italy right now?
Who would win, A portal opens above New York City, and an alien army starts to spill out and begins destroying the city, but they're defeated by a group of superheroes and most of the remaining alien tech is cleaned up by a newly revealed secret government organization?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and Thanos?
Who'd win, Zabuza vs. Crocodile?
Who'd win, Rhino replaces Cain Marko in finding the gem of Cyttorak and gains the powers of the Juggernaut. Who's the strongest character he can take?
Who would win in a presidential race between Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg?
How powerful will be a fusion of Goku and Superman?
If there was a civil war between the states that voted Trump versus the states that voted Hillary who would win?
What are the most mind-blowing tricks used during any war?
Can an average male beat a WWE superstar in a fight?
Featuring Paul's Pokemon Team
A pure neutral human being gets really, REALLY sick.
Who would win in a war between modern-day USA and the Soviet Union in 1985?
Who would win and why: Deathstroke or Deadshot?
What are the differences between a growthist, environmentalist, and peakist perspective in combating climate change yet allowing economic growth?
If Modi & Nawaz Sharif fought each other to death, who would win?
Who would win, Tai Lung Vs. Hellboy?
Who would win in a fight between flash, reverse flash, and zoom?
In the creative franchise Batman, who would win in a battle over Gotham between Bane and the Joker? Why?
What would happen if California and Texas went to war?
A badger feeling the bloodwrath vs the Hulk, if both were the same size: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a debate: Ben Shapiro or Richard Dawkins?
If a man had to kill some of the most dangerous animals on Earth, one on one, which fights could he reliably win with Stone Age weapons?
You’re Hitler in 1933. What do you do in order to win WWII?
Who would win a hand to hand combat between a Navy SEAL and an experienced MMA fighter?
Who'd win, A lion with gills or a shark with two hind legs?
Does Hulk have the ability to kill Superman? If Doomsday was able to kill Superman, do you think The Incredible Hulk can do it as well?
Who would win this duel: North Korea VS Mordor?
Who would win this war: 100 Fire benders vs 100 Earth Benders vs 100 Water Benders vs 100 Air Benders Who will come out victor?
Who would win, Naruto vs Goku?
Who would win in a fight, King Kong or Zilla?
Who would win in a battle between Clickers and Zombies?
What will happen if there is a planetary war between guru and Sukra in 5th house and if Sukra wins the battle?
Who would win a war between Oman and the UAE?
Who would actually win 'The Ultimate Showdown"?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Maul or the Hulk?
Who would win in a fight between Itachi and Kakashi if they both had their full susanoo?
Can full power Jiren beat Galactus?
Who would win, Goku SSJ vs Frieza?
Which version of A Christmas Carol had the most powerful ghosts?
Who would win, Biblical God vs. Saitama?
Who would win in a fight, Shadow The Hedgehog or Luigi?
Who'd win, Gorilla Grodd vs Ultra-Humanite?
Who would win, Goddess Madoka from Puella Magi Madoka Magica anime or The Spectre from DC Comics?
Who would win, A pack of highly intelligent gorillas vs. all the cats in the world?
Who is the strongest DC character Batman has ever defeated in a fight?
What would happen if every land animal bigger than humans attacked the human race?
The battle of the ridiculously OP
Who would win in a war between the Saharan African nations and the Sub-saharan nations?
Who would be the champion out of Rhino vs Garnet, and why?
Who would win in a non-nuclear war, the USA and China or the rest of the world?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Batman or Ezio Auditore?
What would be our psychology about Ravana if he wins the war against God Rama?
Who'd win, Poe vs Thanos but?
Who would win a battle of riddles between the riddler and gollum?
Who would win between the US women's national soccer team versus an average Sunday league football club in England?
If the 100 years war collision was to happen again, how could the French and the British handle things better so that there was a better outcome for both?
Who would win between Magneto, Sauron and Darth Vader?
All humans turned into common house cats vs. all common house cats turned into humans.
Who would have the edge out of Lions vs Cheetahs vs Hyenas vs Wildabeasts vs Antelope vs Zebra, and why?
Who would win, Champa vs MCU Thanos?
Have you ever been beaten up by a girl?
Who'd win, Ramsey Bolton's 20 good men vs Jon Snow's 62 men from Bear Island?
Who would win in a fight, Spider-Man or Nightcrawler?
Who would win this match: Mario vs Barney the Dinosaur?
Naruto : Who will win a fight between Madara and Nagato?
Who wins in a battle between Megatron and StarScream?
Every superhero team must choose one survivor
Sage of 6 Paths Naruto versus all of the Akatsuki at once, who wins?
Who'd win, Martian Manhunter, God Cable, and Shaman X-Man in a psychic duel?
"How Long before a Driverless Car Wins the Indianapolis 500?" Is the next logical competition to pit a self-driving car against the world’s best race-car drivers?
Samurai Jack vs Gray Fox: Who would be the winner?
Sweet Dee v. An Ostrich
Composite-Bleach enters the realm of Earth-616
Of all the movie martial arts actors, who would actually win in a real world street fight?
Bat Possible
Who would win, Gaara or Rock Lee?
Who would win in a fight to death, Garou or Guts?
A chimpanzee with a lightsaber vs a gorilla with shiv: Who would claim victory?
Who would be the victor out of North Korea vs a conventional invasion from Japan, USA, South Korea, and all of NATO, and why?
An olympic fencer with a rapier vs a full grown tiger
You are now the luckiest character in existence, but you have no other powers or weapons. How do you defeat the following ladder? Who would win?
Who would come out on top out of Roman army at its peak vs. 20 Mobile Navy Seals , 1 M1 Abrams tank, 1 Apache helicopter, one Artillery gun , and why?
Who'd win, Tanktop Tiger vs. Ash Ketchum?
Who would win in a fight: Deadpool or Batman, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Mario or Link?
Young-Adult novel hero's anime-powered survival showdown
Batman is not Batman
Who would win in a fight, Kratos or Ghost Rider?
If in the bible, god didn't exist and all god's feats were performed by the prophets themselves, who would win in a fight?
Featured Character: Officer Judy Hopps
Who would win in a fight between Gandalf and Superman?
Who would win in a war between almighty Central African Republic and the United States?
Who would win, Space Cowboy Showdown: Han Solo vs. Spike Spiegel vs. Malcolm Reynolds?
Who would win in a fight between an Arab and a Turk?
Who would win, Obi-Wan Kenobi or Deadpool?
Who Would Win: Your average lion vs. your average tiger
Which animal will win in a fight to the death - an adult male rhino or an adult male silverback gorilla?
Which is better in Spain, an FP or a Bachillerato? I’m planning on taking accounting in college.
How did the Wehrmacht and SS view each other, during World War 2?
Who would be the champion out of Meliodas vs Natsu and Luffy, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Gambit vs. Solid Snake?
Who would win this fight: The Two Zenos vs Two Beyonders?
Who would win in a fight between Chuck Norris and Muhammad Ali?
Who'd win, Shark Boy and Lava Girl vs 1960s Adam West Batman and Robin?
High-Street-Level Tourney: Quarterfinals
2016 U.S. Presidential Election - TV Character Edition
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Imperium of Man vs Galactic Empire, and why?
Who would win, Captain America and Batman vs Joker and Red Skull?
What if every company in the world declared war on each other and the world?
How will a US Navy carrier strike group fight in a complete symmetric warfare, e.g., against a hypothetical clone of itself?
What would be the most iconic opponent for Kato from the Green Hornet to fight and win?
Who would win, A Red Kangaroo vs a Gorilla?
r/whowouldwin SummerSlam 2017 Post-Show
Who could beat Goku in a fight but not in a math test?
Who would win in a war between every former colony of Britain, every former colony of France, every former colony of Spain, every former colony of Portugal, every former Ottoman province, all former Soviet states & every former colony of the Dutch?
Sing Vs. Po
Who'd win, Link vs Sora?
Son Goku Vs. Superman: Who would be victorious?
Should people use a net to catch as many fish as possible or should one use a fishing rod to potentially catch a prize winning fish?
Who would win in a bare-knuckle brawl: Thor vs. Thanos?
Who would win in a war between Malta and Luxembourg?
Who would win out of Sparks fly in this free for all!! Black Lightning vs Livewire, vs Electro vs Shocker, and why?
Who would win this duel: Luke Skywalker Vs Harry Potter?
Carnage replaces the Hulk in The Avengers New York battle, how does the fight turn out?
Who would be victorious out of The Guardians of the Galaxy and the Avengers swap places, and why?
Weakest character that can beat Marceline the Vampire Queen
How much mayonnaise would you need to assassinate the president of the United States of America?
Who can beat a bloodlusted composite Fate Servant?
The Judeo-Christian God runs a Lovecraft ladder.
Who would win in a fight between Harry Potter and Doctor Strange?
Who'd win, Orihaya Izaya vs. Jack Slash?
A bunch of ice based characters in a fight.
Who would win in a hypothetical war between Karna and Ekalavya?
Who'd win, Iron Man Mark 50 Suit vs Hulk?
Who would win in a fight between Tarzan and Batman? Assuming Batman didn't have any gadgets.
What would happen to the world if World War III broke out right now?
Who would win in a fight between a mandrill and a chimpanzee?
What lessons can people learn from being in a war?
You and a team vs 3 years worth of zombies. Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of izuku midoriya+edward elric+harry potter vs MCU thanos, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Robin or Boruto?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Android 18?
Insects: Who would win in a battle between 100,000 bullet ant soldiers, and 100,000 termites?
Who would win a war between Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Austria-Hungary at its height?
Who would win in a fight - Erza or Trunks?
what changes in the Watchmen story if Dr. Manhattan's role is replaced by...
Who would win, Lobo, Black Manta, Deadshot, and Deathstroke or Wolverine, Daredevil, Bullseye, and Black Panther?
Lord Voldemort & Iron Warmonger vs Captain America & Anakin Skywalker: Who would claim victory?
does Tom and Jerry defeat the Chaos Gods?
Who would win this match: Due to Japan's excessive fishing and whaling, the world's biggest sea creatures have died. Can the smaller ones take revenge on the Japanese Navy by themselves?
Who would win in a debate between a deist and an atheist?
What are the chances of a nuclear war happening this month?
Who'd win, Old Gods vs Celestials?
Can CP9 assassinate Korosensei ?
After Kid Flash sets The X-Mansion on Fire, The X-Men want revenge. Can they successfully burn down The Titans Tower?
Who would win in a fight: Yoda or Ganondorf?
Who would win, the Quirk people of My Hero Academia vs the people of Tokyo Ghoul?
Who'd win, 50 Cliffords the big red dogs vs 1000 storm troopers from star wars?
Who would win a fight between Batmam and Itachi?
Can a horse win a race without a jockey?
Who would win, Adult Great White Shark Vs. Adult Hippopotamus?
How useful are big artillery guns in modern warfare? I'd assume helicopters, drones and missiles made them obsolete.
If Gandalf from Lord of the Rings fought Neo from the Matrix, who wins?
Who would have the edge out of Thor & Goku vs Superman and Wonder WOman, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Krishna and Thor?
What is the weakest historical army that could take on the Numenorians at their peak?
Who'd win, The Joker is locked, shackled, chained, balled, and gagged, and sealed in a water proof container at the bottom of the ocean. Can he escape?
Hippo + 10 Woodpeckers vs. 5 silverback male gorillas: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a cage fight between a silverback gorilla and world champ MMA?
Would x23 or Black Panther win in a fight?
Who would win a fight, a wolf pack or an alligator?
What attack is less effective than the rapid fire Dragonball energy blast?
How dangerous is the Bowie knife in a fight?
Who would win this match: Bruce Lee in his prime vs a grizzly bear?
Who would win in a war between Turkey and Vietnam?
You are placed in command of the German Empire by Kaiser Wilhelm II just before the outbreak of war. Could you win the war for the German Empire?
Every Single Person on Earth in a Free-For-All!
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Simba, Nala, Mufasa, Scar and Sarabi vs. an actual pride of lions, and why?
Who would win, Han Solo in TIE vs Poe Dameron?
Is it reasonable to include the possibility of World War III or of global authoritarianism when planning our future?
Who would win, Moon Knight VS The Question?
If there were a battle between a software refusing to run in emulator and an emulator hiding that it's emulator, what system would win?
If India and China go to war, would the Himalayas hinder either side? Would such a war deprive East China of the military power?
Who would be the winner out of Terry Crews vs. 10 Tony Coxs, and why?
Your Harem Runs a Gauntlet!
What would have happened if Britain & France didn't honour their promise to defend Poland? Would this have been grounds for some kind of non-aggression pact with western Europe? Would this have meant a possible Nazi-Soviet war? If so, who would win?
Who would win, Pokemon or Yu-Gi-Oh?
If a very highly trained soldier and an acrobat raced in an obstacle course, who would more likely win?
Michael Phelps must swim across an Olympic pool while Usain Bolt runs on the deck, alongside the pool.
Injured Garou vs Bat-Family: Who would claim victory?
How strong would Japan get if they went back to their WW2 mindset? Also, how would China and Korea react?
Who would win in a three man free-for-all between Ray Stevenson, Thomas Jane, and Jon Bernthal’s versions of The Punisher?
The Roman army at their height led by a modern general vs several different armies: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight between all the Marvel characters?
If the M3 Stuart battled against the Japanese Ha Go tank who would win?
What if the USA already invented and implemented the Star Wars Defence System in full working order? What if a nuclear war broke out and the entire world was obliterated except for the USA?
If the Time Lords, Xeelee, Downstreamers, Daleks, Culture, Precursors, and Forerunners fought Modern Earth, who would win?
Who would win, Quinn and Mace Windu or 10 battle droids?
Who would win in a war between the USA and the United Kingdom?
Who would win in a fight, Kid Goku or Classic Sonic?
Which would win in a race if it was possible, an SR71 or the XP70 Valkyrie?
Who would win this combat: Ash's Charizard vs Smaug?
Who would win, The Fantastic Four , Green Lantern , Daredevil , Catwoman , Ghost Rider and Emo Peter Parker all team up to form the Justice League of Crappy Adaptations. Who is the strongest opponent they can defeat?
You are making a platoon of soldiers to take on a platoon of modern US Army soldiers. You can only equip your soldiers with gear and weapons from WW2. How do you win this firefight?
Who would win between a fight between the White Walkers and X-Men?
Batman becomes a Daywalker
Why is the world so obsessed with money and glam living, WW3 may be here sooner than we think?
The PC Justice League are replaced by Silverback Gorillas. Who can take down these fearsome warriors?
Who would claim victory out of Deadpool and Cable vs Captain America and the Winter Soldier, and why?
Who would win this match: Beserkers vs Opportunists: Wolverine, Guts, Howards VS Gambit, Cassandra Cain, Little Mac?
Who would have the edge out of Onslaught vs Shadow King, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Arthur Dayne and Aragorn?
If Buffy and Black Widow fought to the death who would win?
Who would win in a battle between the Cylons and the Galactic Empire?
A Navy Seal in a 100 person free for all.
What shady things happen at the horse races between the betters, owners, jockeys, and with the horses to give them advantages, or to simply collaborate to win?
Who would win, North Korea VS zombies?
A Chinese water dragon vs. The Kraken: Who would be the champion?
Why are there favourites and roughies in horse racing if the horses are handicapped to give them all an even chance of winning?
Could a professionally trained human boxer survive a fist fight with a grizzly bear?
You gain the power to switch body with anyone you kiss like Ryu Yamada. How many kisses would it take for you to become the President of the U.S? Who would win?
Human technological race.
Who'd win, The Five Kages vs. Gods of Olympus?
Who would win this duel: Kenpachi Zaraki vs. Boros?
Who would win, Hagoromo vs Obito and his entire army?
If there were a war between Switzerland and the Netherlands, who would win?
Who is the strongest person Raggae Shark can beat?
Who'd win, Kratos vs. Wonder Woman?
Racoon vs European Badger: Who would come out on top?
All game development studios gain the powers of their characters. Which studio is the strongest?
PLEASE help me and my friend finally put this to bed. Raiden VS Darth Vader... Who would win?
If two cars, a Ferrari and VW GTI, kept a constant speed, which would win the race?
Who would win in a fight: Goku or the Hulk?
WhoWouldWin Madness
Who would win in a fight, a human or a Neanderthal?
Who would win, The Hulk vs. A Silverback Gorilla from Krypton?
Who would win in a fight, Goten or Red Hulk?
How many mad scientists with the minds of T-Rexs would it take to beat a T-rex with the mind of a mad scientist?
White Rhino vs Hippopotamus: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a street fight, Sylvester Stallone or John Claude Van Damme?
If the German and Japanese forces of WWII fought each other who would win? And why?
What do you think about the Enola Gay controversy? Which side are you leaning more towards to?
Who'd win, Albert Einstein vs Stephen Hawking?
"Bull Moose" Theodore Roosevelt v. Actual Moose
What is the purpose of F1 racing? I mean how on Earth will the team who is positioned last ever win an event?
Who'd win, Ice Bear vs Santa?
Which country would win in a war if no nuclear weapons were used: China or Russia?
Who would win in a fight, Madara or the new Kages in Boruto?
Who would win, M. Bison or Son Goku?
To go with the Clinton rap battle, who's the weakest Twitter user who could make Trump rage?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a fight between a sith lord and a dark eldar warrior?
Who would win in a battle between 10,000 Viet Cong members and 10,000 Hamas terrorists in an empty Detroit?
Are bonobos stronger than humans? Who would win in a fight between a bonobo and a human?
You with a LongSword waist deep in a Pool of Jello trying to tag MCU Cap vs a Bloodlusted Polar Bear Who would win?
Who will win in a war between the USA and a coalition of China and Russia?
Who would win this punch-up: North American Grizzly Bear vs African Giraffe?
Who will win the race if cheetah and man were at the mark to cross 26 miles?
Who would win in a fight, 300 5th graders with batons or 5 Jon Jones fighters?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and Raven?
A minion and aquaman fuse together and attempt to fight a fusion of Raditz and Yamcha but they are both powered up by an amount equal to how pathetic their respective fusions are. Who would win?
Lightning bolt Zolt has hired Deathstroke to assassinate Amon. Can Deathstroke pull this off?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Darth Bane vs Deathstroke. Will brains and genius level tactics help vs the Dark Lord of the Sith who implimented the Rule of Two, and why?
Who'd win, Doctor Who fandom vs Supernatural fandom?
Who would win, September 2017 Participation Trophy Contest for September 24-30 + NEW RULES FOR OCTOBER AND BEYOND?
Was there a vote in the UK houses of parliament to go to war with Germany in 1939. If so, by what margin did the government win?
Who would win this match: voldemort snape dumbledore harry and grindelwald are given power ranger suits?
Who would win, Madara vs Vegeta?
Who would win, Rassilon: Lord President of the Zerg Vs The Culture?
Who would win in a fight between Arya and Murtagh?
Who would win a street fight between Paige and Nikki Bella?
Who would win in a combat fight, a doctor or a postman?
The movie “2012” starts in pre-infinity war Marvel Comic Universe. Can the majority of humanity be saved?
If every former British colony today came together and declared war on the UK, what would happen?
Who would win in a fight between Godzilla and Hulkbuster?
Human shrunk to guinea pig size vs one of: tarantula, toad, hedgehog, lobster: Who would have the edge?
Who will win in today's IPL match CSK or RCB?
Who would win in a fight, Hulk or Supergirl?
Who would win in a combat battle between Robert Baratheon, Oberyn Martell, Daario Nahaaris and Khal Drogo?
Who would win, Thanos vs Thanos?
Who would win, Geralt of Rivera steps into a portal and lands outside of Stormwind... a flag appears next to him, can he beat the level 110 Human Warrior?
The Batfamily is coming after you!
Who would win, Goku vs Mewtwo?
Which of the "Don't Hug Me I'm Scared" teachers would win in a fight?
Amateur Hour - WhoWouldWin New Character Awareness
How can the Democrats win back the blue collar Trump voters in the 2020 presidential race?
Who would win in a fight: Groot or Treebeard?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Indominus Rex?
You're running a hotel, and you can bring ten non-God fictional characters to work for you. Can you make $1,500,000 in two weeks? Who would win?
Who'd win, The 3 T-Rex's from King Kong VS. Batman?
Who would win, Hippo vs Polar Bear?
IT vs IT: Who would be the champion?
What can be the perfect relationship between Senorita and Superman?
An all out battle royale between the sharks of "shark tank"
Who would win, A cyborg T.rex and triceratops vs badass ninja squad?
Who would win in a fight, Kurama or Deadpool?
Battle of the Brains
Who would win in a fight between Radiohead and Coldplay?
What is it like to face mercenaries in a fight?
Who would win, Bulma vs Lucca?
Who will win in a fight between dumbledore and Batman?
Who'd win, Conner McKnight/Red Dino Thunder Ranger vs WarGreymon?
Who would win, Plainclothes Bruce Wayne with a fleshlight strapped to his head VS ten armless adult male chimpanzees?
Why do Lawrence Krauss and Neil deGrasse Tyson fight between each other so much?
Who would win in a war between the US and North Korea, if they could only use their hands and feet and some primitive weapons like swords and arrows?
GOP Presidential Nomination Race : What will happen if Michelle Bachmann wins the presidency?
Who would win a ground battle between 100,000 Stormtroopers and 100,000 Halo Elites?
Who would win in a fight, a silverback gorilla or a grizzly bear?
Who would win this combat: A robotic bigfoot vs. a two headed dinosaur. What do YOU think?
Who would win, Air vs fire vs earth vs water?
Who would win, Captain America vs Vision?
Spiderman vs A T-Rex: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Commander Karbin versus General Grevious?
Who would win a fight between Conor Mcgregor and Robbie Lawler?
Who would be the winner out of Superman and World Breaker Hulk vs Thor and Hal Jordan, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Lucy Heartfilia or Ben 10?
How could humans beat Thor?
Do you think you could beat Sasuke Uchiha in a fight?
Ned Stark, Robb Stark, Robert Baratheon and Jon Snow versus Jamie Lannister, The Mountain, and Loras Tyrell, who would win this grand melee?
Which superhero team would be more popular in reality; the Avengers or the Justice League?
Saitama from One Punch Man gets dropped into the world of Attack on Titan. Can the characters from AOT keep him motivated to fight such a boring enemy?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy or Garnet?
Who would win in a battle between an army of honey badgers vs an army of velociraptors vs an army of eagles?
Bugs Bunny gets the Infinity Gauntlet.
Who'd win, Wolverine & Deadpool VS. Batman & Black Panther?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Cyborg?
Who would win this combat: Garou vs My Hero Academia?
Who'd win, Jackie Chan vs. Armless Tiger Man?
How would a fight between 50 SS soldiers of WW2 and 50 ISIS fighters of today go down?
Who would win this combat: A Tasmanian Devil sized Honey Badger VS a Honey Badger sized Tasmanian Devil?
Vegeta vs Kenpachi, who would win?
Colossus has to defeat the 16 colossi
Who would win in a battle between a Chow Chow and a wolf?
Superman commits a petty crime, what happens?
How many chicken sized T-rexs would it take to kill more people than a T-rex sized chicken?
Inspired Lunacy
What is the estimated date for WWIII?
If Little Mac was the protagonist of the last game you played, could he beat the game?
Who would claim victory out of Exodia from YuGiOh vs. Kakuzu from Naruto vs. The Nerevarine from Morrowind, and why?
Who'd win, The year is 2040 and ALL animals have declared war on humans?
How many cows would it take to defeat a T-Rex ?
All fully-evolved Ghost-type Pokemon now require Special Containment Procedures. Which Pokemon has the most complex containment?
Who wins in a battle between an eagle and a rhino?
Who would win between Wonder Woman from DC's New 52/Rebirth series, and the vampire/Death dealer, Selene from the Underworld series? Selene has sixteen days to prepare.
Street Sharks vs. The Thing: Who would have the edge?
If all the characters of DCEU and MCU were to fight against each other, who would win?
How many angry tabby cats would it take to kill a fully grown ostrich and drag it home to their owners front porch.
Who'd win, Hancock vs A man with no asshole?
Who's the strongest country North Korea could defeat?
Raiden vs Grey Fox: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in an all out war? The covenant from ‘halo’or the pantheon from ‘echoes operation stranglehold’?
Who would win, Iron Man or Iron Man?
Who would win, Hagoromo Ôtsutsuki vs Whis?
Who would win the match between Germany women's football team and Chile men's football team?
Would a T-Rex or velociraptor win in a fight?
Superman Vs. Goku: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight, Steven Universe or Harry Potter?
Who would win, 5,000 Nazis or 5,000 SWAT officers?
Who would win in a fight between a wild boar and a wolf?
Composite Human
Manny Pacquiao in Goku's body vs. Floyd Mayweather in Superman's body: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight between a martial art expert vs a great powerlifter?
What potential is it in private shopping on internet in Sweden. And who will win the race?
Who would win, Rational Midget with a sledge hammer vs Naked Greased up Deaf Guy with a pouch full of pocket sand?
Who would win in a conventional war between India and Russia vs Pakistan and China?
Who would win, Vong vs Borg?
Scale the Alaskan Bull Worm to be on human proportions. Who/what would it be larger than?
Marceline VS Teen Wolf verse: Who would win?
Who, if equipped with the Twelve Talismans of Shendu, could defeat Superman?
Choose 2 powers and 2 skills and get on your way to conquer the world
If both men fought in their prime who would win: Wanderlei Silva vs Shogun Rua?
Brain Attempts to overthrow the US government by gaining a low level Cabinet Position. How does he become president?
Who is the weakest rapper that could beat Hillary Clinton in a rap battle?
Vampires in their respective universes begin a PR campaign to integrate vampires as recognized citizens free from hate. Who achieves the best campaign?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win a fight between the UFC heavyweight champ and an adult male chimp with no teeth?
Who would win, Crab Man or Saitama?
Who would win this brawl: The Goat vs The Flash Hulk?
Who would have the edge out of goku vs. superman, and why?
A man with a monotonous task vs another man with an equally monotonous task. Who cracks from boredom first: Who would win?
Hey reddit! Who would win in a fight: A man with just a shield vs a man with a sword?
A herd of vampire piñatas VS mummy Babe Ruth: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Can Batman survive these waves of Raptors?
Who would win in a battle royale of every single Pretty Cure?
Who would have the edge out of A man with a rhino's horn vs a man with a hippo's mouth vs a man with a crocodile's skin vs a man with a praying mantis' arms vs a man with a kangaroo's legs, and why?
Who will win the battle between DC and Marvel?
Who'd win, Armsmaster vs Wonder Woman?
Karl Marx is given Path to Victory. Can he bring about the worldwide communist revolution?
If there was a tourism war between Indonesia and The Philippines, which one would win?
Participation Trophy for February Week 2
Who would claim victory out of George Zimmerman vs DMX, and why?
Who Would Win: Bees or Ants?
Who would win this combat: 100 humans vs. 100 cheetahs?
Your favorite Robot-Themed character faces an Animal-Themed gauntlet.
Who would win, Universal Janemba vs Golden King Cold?
U.S. President Battle Royale
Who would win, GT SSJ5 Goku or SSGSS Cell?
Who would win, Deathlok vs Lobo?
Why are liberals against a potential war with Iran? The regime in Tehran must be taken out now. Iran is building nuclear weapons and already has chemical weapons. Iran supports terrorist groups and violates human rights.
Who is the weakest character that could defeat Maxwell?
Who would win in a fight, Worldbreaker Hulk or Thanos with no IG?
Can You Guys Help Me Rank My Custom Characters?
Could it be that NASA's Apollo first missions were faked in order to win the space race against USSR but later on they actually got to the moon?
Who would win in a race between Rock Lee at his Full speed and The Yellow Flash of Konaha at his Full Speed?
Who wins in a fight between Bane and Spider-Man?
Black Panther vs. Deathstroke: Who would win?
Could Fingolfin have won his battle with Morgoth?
Who would win this war: Droids in the Star Wars Universe vs Animals in the Flintstones Universe. Who has it worse?
Who would win this war: Grizzly Bear vs. Saltwater Crocodile?
Who would win this war: Black panther vs. Batman?
Your favorite character is turned into a vampire, how much of a buff/nerf would they get, and how far could they make it through this vampire gauntlet?
Who would win in a fight, a million honey badgers, or all the original 151 Pokémon minus Mew, MewTwo, and the legendary birds
Who would win a tag team fight between Batman & Black Panther or Captain America & NightWing?
Who would have the edge out of A Papa Wolf vs a Mama Bear, and why?
The Garden Warfare cast end up spawning in Fortnite...
Who would win in a fist fight between John Cena and LeBron James?
Who would win this duel: Eminem vs Superman, Caitlin Jenner and a 6 metre long great white shark?
Your Favorites Battle
What does morals off mean in a superhero fight?
Who'd win, Council of Batmans vs Reed Richards?
Who'd win, A cheetah vs an 80kg man with boots on in a 6x6m room?
Who's the weakest character that can beat Joker in a boxing match?
Will the trade war and spy poisoning result in WW3?
Who would win, God, the devil, or the grim reaper?
Who would claim victory out of Meruem vs. Carnage Kabuto, and why?
Who would win a battle between 100 experienced roman soldiers and 50 experienced gladiators?
Who would win in a fight, Kid Flash or Gohan?
If the presidential race came down to Bernie Sanders vs Rand Paul, who would win?
Who would win out of A triceratops vs a stegosaurus, and why?
Kamen Rider Kiva Decides To Hunt Down Edward Cullen. How Screwed Is Cullen?
Who would win, Batman VS Black Panther?
Who would win, Agent Coulson S.H.I.E.L.D. agent with a gun or Clint Barton Suppressed?
Charizard vs. Fire Lord Ozai: Who would win?
Who would win if humans and all insects went to war?
Jake the Dog Vs. Bender
U.S Navy SEALS vs Joint Task Force Two Canadian Special forces: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Pikachu vs God: Who would have the edge?
2012 Election: Barack Obama's campaign managers are The Gang from It's Always Sunny. Mitt Romney's are the Bluth family. Which team can get their candidate elected?
Who would win, Spider-Man and Batman do an exchange program and switch cities for a few days while their respective rogues galleries go on a crime spree. How well do they do?
Who would win in a fight, Captain Levi or Captain America?
World War 3
Who would win in a fight between Roronoa Zoro and Hulk?
Who would win this war: Mr. Sandman versus Bane in a boxing match?
Who would win a war between Russia and Japan, assuming nuclear weapons were not used and other countries stayed out?
When will we stop the fight between PAK and India?
How angry should the Hulk be to beat Thor at his max?
What might have happened if the Confederacy had won the American Civil War?
You vs. You on steroids in a boxing match Who would win?
Vampire Batman via Batman- Vampire Vs. Alucard via Helllsing: Who would be the victor?
Who would have the edge out of Elephant vs Dolphin, and why?
Who would win, SSJ Cabba or Frost?
Why would a world war start if NK and the US decide to fight each other?
Epic Rap Brackets of History: SEASON 1
The Patriots switch places with The Patriots...
Can a pilot with a PPL compete in the Red Bull Air Race and take the reward money if he wins?
Assuming they were geographically close, who would win in a war between the peak armies of the Roman Empire and the Han Dynasty of China?
Who would win in a battle between Eragon and the Dragonborn?
What if a war broke out between Turkey & Russia?
Who would win if the USA alone invades india?
What if all invertebrates fought all vertebrates?
A 1 square meter metal cube sits in a 5' radius circle. Harry Potter casts Accio. Luke Skywalker uses the Force. Avatar Korra metalbends. Magneto uses his magnet powers. Who can pull the cube to their side?
Who would win in a UFC bout between Conor McGregor and Jon Jones?
Who would win, Meliodas vs Superman?
Who would win in a battle between two wolves and 1 gorilla?
Who would win a fight between Arjun and Kumbhkaran, or are they equally strong warriors?
The races of Middle Earth summon their greatest warriors in history to fight to the death. Who wins?
The last character you played in a video game just hurt Metal Bat's sister. Metal Bat is now pissed as fuck. How well does your character do?
In Green Lantern vs. the Hulk, who would win?
Who would win this duel: Goku's Cat Vs Superman's Dog?
Thor actually turns out to the God of Hammers. Strongest he can beat?
A Dilemma That Needs Solving
Passion vs. money, who will win a race of life?
What are the elements of a winning team?
Warframe v.s. Worm
Who would win in a battle between Vietnamese and Brazilian?
Swamp Thing appears in the DB universe to put a stop to the senseless destruction of nature.
Who would win a fight between Conor Mcgregor and Carlos Condit?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and China? Why?
Who would win in a fight between an African wild dog and a dog?
Who would win, Little Mac and Rocky Balboa have a boxing match. Who becomes the crowd favorite?
What do you think about the fight between a mind and the heart?
Who would win in a war between Spain and Britain over Gibraltar in 2018?
Who would win, Blanka or Son Goku?
Who will win in a war between the Norsefire Party in V for Vendetta and Oceania in 1984?
Who would win a fight between John Wick and Robert McCall from The Equalizer, and why?
Who is stupid enough to defeat the Brain Spawn from Futurama?
Who'd win, Solid Snake gets gravely injured before infiltrating Shadow Moses. Hank Hill takes his place and receives Foxhound training to prepare. Can Hank Hill stop Metal Gear in MGS1?
Batman VS Master Chief: Who would come out on top?
A magician correctly predicting the first three names of the horses winning a race was shown on television, Is it possible and if so how it is done?
which villain would be the least likely to kill you if you where to be locked with for 1 night
Godzilla size Grizzly Bear with Laser Eyes and Chainsaw Arms versus A T-Rex sized Hummingbird that can breathe corrosive acid: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight, Zuko or Human Torch?
Trained MMA fighter vs. Trained police attack dog
Who would win, Original Iron Legion from Iron Man 3 MCU vs 34 Chitarui?
Who would win out of Kars vs Shadow the Hedgehog, and why?
If a navy seal was forced into a fight with a full grown male lion, on a sunny day with full visibility armed with only a knife is it likely he'd win?
Who would win a war between the Culture and the Foundation?
A Canadian Goose with Great White Shark teeth vs A Mute Swan with Raptor feet: Who would win?
Who'd win, A lion vs a beached whale?
can George Lucas destroy every copy of the Star Wars Holiday Special?
Bruce Wayne vs. Tony Stark in a Battle of the Bitches: Who would claim victory?
Versus: Who would win: Jason Todd vs Bucky Barnes?
Who would win in a bare-knuckle brawl: Captain America vs. Naked Snake aka Big Boss?
Who'd win, Supernatural vs. The Vampire Diaries Battle Royale?
Who would claim victory out of Nynaeve al'Meara vs WonderWoman, and why?
Steve Irwin must successfully film every Pokémon. Can he do it?
Who'd win, 8 silverback gorillas vs 8 hockey players?
How many chimpanzees would it take to overpower a gorilla?
Who would win, Red Hood vs Deathstroke?
Narutoe V.S Sausage
Who wins in a fight, Beatrix Kiddo or Elektra Natchios?
Who would win in an all out war the Naruto universe or the Harry Potter universe?
Who'd win, Michael Jordan with a green power ring, and Obama with a blue power ring team up, who's the strongest character they can defeat?
Saitama VS The Siberian: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a battle, Mistress Death or The Spectre?
Every president of the United States in a fight to the death.
Could an M1 Abrams survive after having a California redwood fall on it?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs Spider-man?
What is the strongest animal a group of humans of equal weight to the animal can defeat?
Who would win in a fight, between a guy with a pistol and a guy with several throwing knives?
Will Bangladesh be destroyed in World War 3?
Frank West v.s. Bill Williamson
Who would win a battle, TOAA or Yahweh?
Who would win this battle: Albus Dumbledore vs Darth Maul?
Could any single Inhuman defeat Thor?
Who would win, Alduin vs a PzKfw VI Tiger I that can cast Dragonrend?
Who would have the edge out of Gorr the God Butcher versus Darkseid, and why?
Are you just talking about the clone from the Battle of Geonosis, or different types for hypothetical battles or fight?
Who would win in an all-out war between the Krogans and the Jem'Hadar?
Suppose that World War III broke out in 1985 like the scenario in Team Yankee. Would Australia have gotten involved? If so, how would they have participated?
Can anything beat Bionicle?
Did large numbers of Iraqi troops surrender to US forces in 2003 without a fight? Or is that simply propaganda? Why was the Iraqi army unable to maintain discipline in the ranks? How many were true believers and fought to the bitter end?
Who'd win, Badger vs Wolverine?
What if the East and West hemispheres went to war? Who would win?
What is the probability that WW3 will start in Syria in the next 24-48 hours?
Who would win in a naval battle: China or the USA?
You've just insulted Peggy Hill's apple brown betty. Hank is standing behind you. How bad does he beat your ass? Who would win?
Who would win a war between Russia and Brazil? Why?
Who would win a fight between Donald Trump and Chris Christie?
Who would win in a fight, He-Man or the Hulk?
Who would win in a battle between the Four Horsemen of East of West vs. Apocalypse's Four Horsemen?
Strawhat Pirates vs Luffys temporary crew at Impel Down: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, Galactus, Superman, Green Lantern, Wonder Woman, Batman, and the Flash take on Boss Baby-- but with a catch?
Pit VS Firebrand: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a war between the Soviet Union and the U.S.?
Who is the greatest lightsaber duellist ever ?
Why would cavalry charge in wedge formation? What if the point riders were killed? Why not slam into the infantry all at once?
Archer Battle: Hawkeye vs Green Arrow vs Katniss vs Legolas vs Merida vs Link
Who would win in a fight, Butterfree or Beedrill?
Who would win, Galvatron, Cyclonus, and Scourge Attack Planetune, can Neptune and crew defeat them?
Who would win, Android 18 vs Krillin?
Who would win, Martian Manhunter or Spawn?
November 2017 Participation Trophy for Nov 12-18
If the TF2 cast fought the Overwatch cast, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Galactus and Doctor Manhattan?
Who would win an all-out battle between Superboy Prime and beerus from Dragon Ball Z?
A phisher and a psychotherapist race to see who can scam the most amount of people, for the most amount of money, in the shortest amount of time. Do you think the psychotherapist wins the race and gets prosecuted? Why or why not?
Who'd win, Naruto vs Goku?
Who would win, Two average American men vs. a full grown adult male panda?
Smash 4 Roster vs MCU Avengers, GOTG, Defenders & Fox X-Men: Who would claim victory?
If a domestic cat had the size of a leopard, which one would win in a battle?
Who'd win, Teddy Roosevelt VS Andrew Jackson?
On what basis is the constructor's championship awarded? Is it the number of podium finishes by both cars or the number of pole positions and race wins by a single car?
Who would claim victory out of One Piece Universe vs Fairy Tail Universe, and why?
Who would win in a pitched battle between the Union Army of the Potomac of the American Civil War and a comparable sized British Army from the same period?
Who would win in a war between Saudi Arabia and Mexico, if they were neighbors?
So, who's the weakest human character who can defeat Goku?
Assuming that Japan didn’t lose its military, how would the Korean War look like if Japan join under the US command?
Who would win, Dormammu or Darkseid?
Wrath vs Kenshin Himura: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between a bear and an elephant?
Who would win, Ryu vs Saitama?
Every Snake somehow dies and out of boredom a bunch of Metal Gear villains move to Gotham. How do they fare?
Who would win in a race: Usain Bolt or a car?
Who would in a fight Future Trunks vs Thor ?
Vegeta runs the Gauntlet on Very Hard
Why does Russia's support of Syria lead to American condemnation? Could somebody briefly explain the Syrian, American, Russian situation?
How many Americans would die in a war between the US and North Korea? How many North/South Koreans?
Who will win a war between Pakistan and Afghanistan?
Who would win in a 1 vs 1 fight, Khal Drogo or The Mountain?
What/who does it take to kill the God Emperor of Mankind at the height of his power?
Who wins in a fight between a Patterdale terrier and a Jack Russell terrier?
Why does a Formula 1 driver get all the attention in the race when he wins and technical people don't even if they are the real heroes?
Who would win if all Rainbow Six Siege operators fought against one another?
Who would win this punch-up: A fire breathing tree vs a machine gun that shoots arrows?
Avatar Aang vs. Magneto: Who would win?
Who would win, SSJ3 Goku vs Krillin?
Your Favorite Pokemon VS Your Favorite Superhero
Who would win, The characters of Winnie the Pooh VS an episode of Happy Tree Friends?
If aliens invaded Earth, yet their military technology were more similar to our current tech, what are the chances that we will win?
Neighborman vs. DareDevil: Who would be the victor?
Who would win this match: Black Cat vs The Lawnmower?
The courier becomes the main protagonist of the main fallout games !
Who would win, The Little Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly vs. Katamari?
Talion is dropped into a real life crime ridden city, can he destroy its criminal element?
Who would win a battle between the Brigade of Gurkhas vs the rest of the Indian Army?
Who would win in a fight, Venom or Deadpool?
How do I prepare for two months so that I win first place in an 800m track race on sports day?
Spawn vs Ghost Rider, who would win?
How do you feel about Trump enticing WW3?
Who would win a fight between Conor Mcgregor and Frankie Edgar?
Skillful characters gain powers, while powerful ones gain skill!
You Vs a pine tree of equal age. Who would win?
Who is the weakest Sith Lord we know about, and who could he best in a fight?
Who would win WW3 if we pretended nuclear warheads did not exist?
Who would win in a fight: a great white shark or a salt water crocodile?
Who would win this punch-up: Nu52 Superman vs Wonder Woman?
Could someone describe scenario of hypothetical battle between Google trying to keep unblurred backups of Street View intact, and governments trying to stop it?
Who would have the edge out of Commander John Shepherd vs. Jim Raynor, and why?
Career Advancement: I Can't Do It, Captain!
Can the USA arrest Putin if there is a war between the USA and Russia and the USA wins?
Fantasy battle: Who would win a large scale battle between Sauron's forces and the White Walkers/Great Other?
Red Kangaroo vs Gorilla: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Alien Warrior vs Bruce Lee?
Who would win out of Jurassic Park Raptor vs A Grizzly Bear, and why?
Who would win, Tachibana Kanade vs Fate Universe?
What is the weakest modern day animal that could beat an Ankylosaurus head to head?
If Hillary won, would she have sparked the flames of World War 3, or is Mr. Trump more inclined to sow the seeds of WW3?
If a civil war or a revolution occurred in the United States, how would most other countries respond? How would they be effected?
If every country's national landmarks and buildings came to life, who would win in a fight?
Can YOU make it through this animal ladder?
Battle of the water users: Katara vs. Isana: Who would come out on top?
what is the strongest character a ghost papper can defeat?
300 Knights run a dino-themed gauntlet.
How many humans would it take to beat an avatar?
In a straight fight between Darth Vader, Voldemort, Sauron and the Night King, who would win? Let's say the format is mano a mano, and they can't summon their armies.
Who would win in a fight, Cable or Punisher?
One Hit Wonder!
The best cook in "Hell's Kitchen"
Who would win in a fight, Death or Phoenix?
Who would win, MCU Captain America vs a grizzly bear?
Who would win a fight between Goku and Naruto?
Who would win, Gru, Megamind, Scarlet Overkill, Syndrome, and Flint Lockwood team up. Who is the strongest they can beat?
Who would win in a battle between Mephisto and DC's Spectre?
Who would win in an all out battle between the Council of Ricks and the Council of Reeds?
Who would win out of Team Deadpool Vs Team Avengers, and why?
Who would win a battle between a 4th and a 1st century Roman army?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Super Shadow vs. Frieza, and why?
Who would win a battle royal between Valkyrie Cain, Harry Potter, Percy Jackson, Katniss Everdeen, or Bella Cullen?
How many Navy SEALs would it take to occupy Jabba's Palace?
Who would win between Rock Lee and Kimimaro?
Who would win, Sansha Kuvakei of Sansha's Nation vs Horatio #1 of The Horatio?
If a car and a human were in a race from L.A. to NYC and the human was given a headstart, what is largest headstart that still allows the car to win?
How would a fight between Loki and Darth Sidious go down?
Who would win, a wrestler or a BJJ fighter?
In a one-on-one fight who would win, Madara or Itachi?
What workout program would you recommend me for growing muscles?
Who would win, Vegeta SSJ Blue vs Golden Frieza?
Who would win, Black Panther vs Luke Cage and Iron Fist?
What would win in a fight, an adult male chimpanzee or an adult male black bear?
What led to Alexander the Great's military success?
Which weapon would be a fair and equal match to a katana in a fight, besides another katana?
Who would win a gladiator style battle, Kim Jong-un or Donald Trump?
Who would win, Thanos is only missing the Time and Mind stones, but they are possessed by the Lich King, in Icecrown Citadel?
How the hell could the Wild Hogs beat Ghost Rider ?
How did football quarterback Jay Cutler suffer multiple cracked ribs during Sunday's win versus the New York Jets?
So I thought a great way for us usual members and the new guys to bond would be a classic WWW, Goku VS Superman
Who will win in a battle between SSJ 4 Gogeta or Jiren?
If a war broke out and in the UK the Draft came back, would foreign citizens be eligible for the draft?
You are locked in the pentagon with nothing but 3 tons of kebab and a spork posessed by Worf, can you survive the 250 north korean C-3P0's locked in with you for 12 hours. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Black Adam or Buddy Blank comic book versions for both?
Is the World War 3 going to start and when?
Who would win in a ground war, Scotland or England?
Who would win if 12 US paratroop battalions fought against 12 battalions of the average Nazi infantry?
Wild beasts usually have superior strength, weight, and speed to humans. What were the techniques ancient humans have used to win a fight against a wild beast?
Napolean Bonaparte Vs. Gordon Ramsey at bull riding: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight, Danny Phantom or Spider-Man?
Who would be victorious out of Sniper Battle: Mordecai vs The Sniper vs Captain MacMillan vs Sniper Wolf, and why?
What's the strongest character current human civilization could defeat?
Who would win a fight between an elephant bird and a Cape buffalo?
Who would win between the entire Narutoverse and Thanos?
If the aliens from War of the Worlds attacked modern-day Earth, who would win?
Who would win this brawl: Barack Obama's official presidential portrait has come alive and crawled out of the painting as a sentient paint man. His mission: to defeat the real Barack Obama and assume his life. Can Obama stand his ground against DoodleBama?
Who won the fight between Madara and Hashirama during the fourth great Ninja War?
Solid Snake is tasked with eliminating the terrorists in the Nakatomi Building, John McClane is tasked with taking down Foxhound at Shadow Moses Island, who gets the job done faster?
Who would win in a battle between Vietnam era US marines and modern US marines in a jungle?
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles V.S. The Biker Mice From Mars V.S. The Street Sharks
Batman is basically a crime-fighting, quasi-insomniac billionaire furry with deep-seeded issues. Which fictional psychiatrist can help?
Who would be the winner out of Skylanders vs Pokemon, and why?
Who's the strongest street/city tier that this human with Pressure Manipulation can beat?
Who'd win, Quake, Ghost Rider, and Deathlok vs. Kuasa, Mallus/Malice, and Black Siren?
Should we be scared about WWIII?
Black Bolt vs Aquaman, but not in a fight.
Sam Fisher is sent on a mission to Shadow Moses Island. Does he complete his mission?
Nazi Germany starts WW2 with ONE F-35 Lightning II. What happens?
If a war between full cat species and full dog species is waged who will win the battle?
Who would win in a fight, Pain or Itachi?
Who'd win, 80's Coming of Age Battle! Ferris Bueller VS Bender VS Ren McCormack VS Jeff Spicoli?
Who will win if there is a fight between Kenichi and Nobita?
Who would claim victory out of Barack Obama and Joe Biden vs. George Bush and Dick Cheney in beer pong, and why?
Who would win, 10 Male Lions & 10 Siberian Tigers vs a T Rex?
Who would win this fight: Sanji and Soma have a cook off. Who is faster?
you with 20 powers from other superheroes vs Jiren Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Ozymandias and Griffith?
Who would win in a fight between Captain Marvel vs Starfire?
Who'd win, Centaur vs Viking riding a polar bear?
Who would win between a wasp and a hornet?
Who would win a sword fight between Jon Snow and Daario Naharis?
Who would win this fight: Full grown, blood lusted, starved for days, super intelligent T-rex with advanced laser and plasma weaponry vs. 1 cute kitten?
Who would be the winner out of Hitler VS Kuvira in a battle to see who is the best military dictator, and why?
Who would win in a war between Israel and Japan? Assume both countries are just 300 km away from each other.
Who would win out of Peak Bob Ross vs. Peak Ruth Westheimer, and why?
Ultramarines vs Kaldor Draigo in a Mary Sue off: Who would win?
Who would win if 300 of the Spartan Hippeis fought 300 of the Sacred Band of Thebes?
Batman's on the lam- Not only is the Justice League after him, so's the Bat Family. How long can he last?
Who would win, Sasuke Uchiha or Son Goku?
Voldemort vs Grindelwald vs Dumbledore - who would win, and why?
The Joker, Batman, Tony Stark, Cat Woman, Spider-Man, and Wolverine are all contestant on the TV show Surviovor. Who wins?
Who would win this battle: Dante from DMC joins the avengers in avngers infinity war. How does he fare and can he make a differance/can he help stop thanos?
Who would win in a fight between The Flash and Ant-Man?
Who would win in a fight between Captain America and Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight between Ares and Apollo?
Who would win this match: Hafthorr Bjornsson VS. An average deer?
Who would have the edge out of School of the Wolf vs WW, and why?
Solid Snake is put into the events of Captain America: The Winter Soldier. Captain America is tasked with infiltrating Shadow Moses Island. Who does a better job in the other one's shoes?
Who would win in a race, The Flash or Tom Zanetti?
If two countries-members of NATO go to war with each other what will be NATO's position?
Who would win, Beerus vs Blackheart?
Could a tree sloth kill the average man?
Who would win, 50% SS4 Goku vs SS4 Goku?
Can Cpt. America blast through all the alphabetical bloodlusted Pokemon?
If a bike and a car travel at a uniform of 100 km/hr speed, which would win the race?
Who would win in a war between Brazil and the US in 1850?
What were Quora's best answers of 2014?
Your username superpower
Your favorite character vs. the cat, the dog and the bird.
All lava in the world is replaced by BEES
Who would win a battle between a Roman legion and the Whole Zulu Nation of the late 1800s?
What would happen if America attacked China with all 11 Aircraft carriers and amphibious helicopter carriers?
In one year, you will be transported inside an arena where you will have to fight different waves of multiple enemies. Fortunately, you are allowed to choose one power set to defend against the waves. What power set do you choose and will you survive?
If DCEU Batman can't fight DCEU Doomsday, then could DCEU Batman fight MCU Thanos since other humans fought against Thanos?
Who would win this fight: Ghost Rider vs. Firestorm?
Who will win if Turkey and India go to a war?
Featuring... the Decepticon Justice Division
Toothless vs. WWII fighter planes: Who would win?
What would happen if a highly trained veteran SS tank unit fully armed with submachine guns, tank shells, and everything needed to run the tanks went on a rampage in the city?
Who would win: Bruce Lee or Conor McGregor?
If there was a fight between the Harry Potter and DC universe, who would win?
What would a war actually look like between Britain and Russia? What countries would join who, could it actually happen, etc.?
Who'd win, Hal Jordan vs. Superman?
Who would win out of Modern day North Korea vs Idiocracy America, and why?
Strongest person you can beat with a pair of magical boxing gloves
The Butcher gets dropped into your favorite superhero universe.
Are elbow strikes better to use then your fists in a fight?
There is technological boom after the timeline of The Hobbit, and during The Lord of the Rings trilogy WW1 combat equipment is commonplace throughout Middle Earth
Who would win a war between The United Kingdom and China if neither side brought any allies to the fight?
Who would win Kabuto Yakushi or Minato Namikaze?
If Thor and the Revengers hadn't defeated Hela in Ragnarok, and Thanos showed up in Asgard to get the Tesseract, could she have defeated him at that point?
Who would win, Batman vs Captain America?
Who would win this war: Seth Rogen, James Franco, Paul Rudd, Danny McBride, Dwayne The Rock Johnson, Tom Hanks, and Mark Wahlberg are given the Super Soldier Serum but no combat experience. Can they survive the Walking Dead under these conditions?
Could the Europeon Union defeat Russia and China if no one had nukes?
What is the difference between combat sambo and military sambo?
Who'd win, Team Captain America vs Team Black Panther?
5 average Humans with knifes vs 3 average Humans with pistols vs 2 Peak Humans: Who would win?
Santa needs a break. Could Superman deliver presents to the roughly 1.8 billion children on earth in one night?
Who would win in a fight, Optimus Prime or Godzilla?
What does it take to win a big political race?
How many normal, real-world humans could Batman kill with one punch?
Who would win in a fight: Radagast or the Witch-king?
What could happen if the US military went rogue and started a war against the whole world?
If WW3 happened, how would affect people’s lives?
Who would win this war: Taylor Hebert vs Ant-Man?
Who would win in a fight between Gimli and Thorin?
How many Planet of The Apes apes to take over?
Who would win in a war between Egypt and Brazil, if they were neighbors?
Who would win in a fight, Obito unmasked with Rinnegan or Itachi?
Captain Cold vs. Cole MacGrath: Who would have the best chance of winning?
If Android 17 and 18 were to fight each other, who would win?
If Triangle Man fought Particle Man, who would win, and why?
South Park vs The Simpsons vs Family Guy vs Futurama vs American Dad: Who would be victorious?
What decision cost Germany World War II?
Are/were there any birds big enough to carry a fully grown human while flying?
Who would win this match: Magneto vs. Batman and/or Bat-family?
Who would win in a fight, Hulk vs Death?
Who can make the Lightsabertooth Tiger extinct?
If the US and Russia went to war , who would win?
How would Ultron fare in a fight against onslaught both fully powered?
Who would win, Midoriya, Todoroki, and Shoji or Mr. Compress?
Participation Trophy for December 2017 Week 1
Edelweiss Tank goes through a War Thunder Gauntlet
How do you beat a big person in a fight?
Who would be the victor out of A few Characters must escape a very large Wall Mart filled with beasts and must kill each other to win. Who survives, and why?
Who would win, SSJ5 Gogeta vs SSB3 Vegito?
Dr. House vs. The Doctor: Who would have the edge?
Hand to hand combat of 300 Spartans vs 300 USMC Marines: Who would have the best chance of winning?
The Civil War, set in present day
How many twilight vampires does it take to defeat Darth Revan?
Who would win a war between modern day Mongolia and the Mongol Empire at its height?
If Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar were to fight against one another who would win?
How many cats would it take to kill and eat you?
Your hungry in New York. There are two hot dog stands selling the same thing, however, one has the Gieco gecko and the other has Flo from Progressive. They both try to convince you to come to one's stand. Who would win?
Based on history, which of the 2 are better in warfare, the Chinese or the Japanese?
Who'd win, Marvel and DC: Cosmic Kerfuffle+?
In armed conflicts that involve quickly shifting alliances between various warring factions, how do individual combatants deal with fighting against former allies and fighting along side former enemies?
Superman and Captain America are running for President: Who would be victorious?
Who will win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Green Lantern?
China vs Taiwan, Japan, Korea, India, and Mongolia: Who would be the champion?
Who would win this match: Team skull grunts vs. The Ginu force vs. The power rangers in a posing competition?
If four men in T-45 power armor from Fallout 4, fought 200 ISIS members, Who would win?
Who would win a hand-to-hand combat, a UFC champion or a top CIA field agent?
Who would win this battle: Destitute Humanity vs. Dinosaurs at Prime?
Who would win, People need to learn the difference between superman prime and superman prime one million, King thor and rune king thor?
A Goat is wreaking havoc in the Avengers Towers .
Who would win, Superman or Hawkman?
What would win in a fight, 45 bald eagles or a grizzly bear?
Who would win in a fist fight between Trump and Putin?
Who would win in a fight between Vader, Tyranus and Maul vs. Grand Master Luke Skywalker?
As a prank, America steals all the tea in the world, and throws it in the Boston Harbor. Outraged, the Queen of England declares war. Can a tea-lusted UK reclaim its former colonies?
What was the siege battle between Xi'an, China and the Mongols? Who won? How did they win?
Who would win in a battle between Thor and both Jason Grace and Percy Jackson?
Who'd win, Chase Young vs Tai Lung?
Who would win between Macragge's Honour versus Executor?
Would Venom Snake be able to defeat Big Boss in a fight?
What if the world is in the constant battle between good and bad, and the bad is winning?
Seal Team Six vs Entire Mexican Cartel: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Krillin or Tien Shinhan?
If two swordsmen of equal skill fought against each other, one armed with a rapier, and the other with a katana, who would win?
Russia vs the US in a series of 1v1s: Who would win?
Who would win, Piccolo with Special Beam Canon or the Frost’s final form?
Who would be victorious out of DickBats vs. The Winter Soldier, and why?
What do the scriptures say about WW3 and arrival of Jesus? Will Jesus arrive before or after WW3 is over?
Who would win, Punisher and Deadpool vs. Deathstroke and Red Hood?
Why do you believe Gavin Newsom will win the 2018 governor race? Why do you believe the polls?
Who would win a fight between Daario Naharis and Jaime Lannister?
How would a war between the US and China play out?
Shadow vs Zavok vs Metal Sonic vs Chaos: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this match: 4 WW2 Sherman Tanks vs 1 German Tiger 2 Tank?
Who would come out on top out of Time Traveling Contest: The DeLorean Vs. The TARDIS, and why?
Lets talk legendary weapons.
Who would win in a fight between Galadriel and Melisandre?
Who will win in a fight between Sabretooth and Cheetah?
Who would win a genocidal war between mosquitoes and bed bugs?
Is a taller man more likely to win in a fight?
What kind of battle would hypothetically occur between Marc Bodnick and Jay Wacker, and who would win?
Who would be the champion out of Peter Griffin Vs. Chicken, and why?
Lex Luthor is in charge of the IRS, finds out about the Bat Cave. Can Bruce Wayne survive the audit from hell?
What street level superhero would survive the longest in a zombie apocalypse.
A Million Bucks VS A Million Cucks: Who would claim victory?
Who would come out on top out of The Tau if all their drones were replaced with Culture combat drones VS The Imperium of Man, and why?
While at the inauguration of Donald Trump, outgoing President George W. Bush dozes off. He wakes up and the date is January 20, 2001.
Hypothetical Wars: who would win in a war between the first Māori colonists and sentient Haast's Eagles?
The strongest artists in every genre of music face off in a fight to the death. Who would come out victorious?
Andre the Giant vs. Chimpanzee
Who would win a war between Israel and South Korea without nukes?
Who would win in a fight: Batman or Black Panther?
Who'd win, Calaena sardothien vs black widow?
Who will win between Batman or Trigon?
Who would win, Wonder Woman or General Zod?
You with a steel long-sword vs. Hungry wild animals. Who would win?
Toon force v.s. Meme force
Who will win the race? The guy who has the power to travel to the future, or the guy who has the power to go back in time?
Who'd win, Donald Trump VS Angela Merkel?
How was the Battle of Stalingrad won?
Who's the best swordsman
The year is 1933 and you are the Führer, war in 1939 is inevitable. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy could cause the Axis Powers to win the war?
Who would win if Iran and India went to War? How would the war played out between Iran and India?
Who would win a battle between a Yamato-class battleship and 3 Littorio-class battleships?
Who would be the victor out of Darth Sidious-pope vs Superpope, and why?
How long would the white house last in a zombie apocolypse?
I heard someone on this sub say they can beat a prime Mike tyson if they had a bat! Can any of you!?
Who will win: Manchester United or Liverpool?
Who would win in a fight, All-Might or Batman?
Featured Team: Shadaloo
Who'd win, The Fire Nation versus Middle earth?
Featured Team: The Thunderbolts!
1000 Greek Spartans with shields made of Vibranium vs 200 Navy Seals: Who would win?
What if North Korea erupted into a civil war?
Lightning VS Nova
Has Deathstroke ever done anything good?
Darth Vader vs. a T. Rex: Who would win?
Roronoa "Pirate Hunter" Zolo vs. Megatron: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this battle: Kaneki Ken VS Tsukune Aono?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between 3 WW1 German battalions and the Ottoman Empire in the 1400s?
Who would win in a one on one battle between Hercules and Achilles?
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke or Majin Buu?
Who would win, Mother Brain Vs. Starman Deluxe?
Who will win in a war between Australia and Sweden without outside intervention?
Who would have the edge out of Somarico the Plumber Hedgehog Vs. Kalkarrot the super Kryptonian Saiyan, and why?
Were there any fights between shaiva and vaishavam?
you get 1 Random New Super Power after every fight, how far do you make it down this gauntlet? Who would win?
In the Marvel comics, which would win, the X-Men or the Avengers?
Superman Prime versus The Buddha, who wins?
Who would win in a battle between Black Lightning VS Static Shock?
Who would win in a fight, Sauron vs Jesus?
What superhero teams could the cast of Super Smash Bros. defeat?
Who would win, Tai Lung vs an Avengers ladder?
Who actually saved the world from Hitler's tyranny? The Russian army or the American army?
Who would win in a death fight between the Fourth Hokage and Orochimaru?
Who would win in a battle between Paw Patrol and the Scooby Doo gang?
What animal, if made self aware and as intelligent as a person would pose the biggest threat to our existence?
All of the Doctors get in a fight.
Who would win, MCU Doctor Strange with the Time Gem or Odin Borson?
Who would win in a battle between The Black Panther and Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Superman vs. Mike Tyson?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a fight: Giant Squid vs Salt Water Crocodile?
Who'd win, Doctor Strange vs Doctor Who Ladder?
Who would win Doomsday or Damage?
Let's end this: Azathoth vs TOAA vs Ein Sof
If every BSA council became a nation and fought each other, with Eagle Scouts serving as soldiers, which would win?
Antman vs Hulk: Who would win?
Who would win, Kratos vs Wonder Woman?
A silverback gorilla versus an anaconda in fight to the death, who wins?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Meliodas?
Skyrim war: Imperials vs The Nords. Who wins?
Can you predict something? Who's going to win today's match, India versus Pak?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Vader or Orochimaru?
Who'd win, Aoko Aozaki vs Thor?
Who would win this fight: 25 body builders with brass knuckles VS 1000 anorexic guys with plastic bats?
How would/could the Bat-Family defeat the X-Men?
Featuring Zorian Kazinski
Who would win this war: Lannisters vs the Kims , to see who can be the most terrible rulers of a country?
who would win in a fight between ISIS the terrorist group and Isis the Egyptian godess?
Who would win, Agent Dale Cooper Vs. Agent Fox Mulder?
What would a fight between a jedi and a transformer be like?
Jiren acquires the Infinity Gauntlet, who could beat him in a fight?
Who would win in a fight, Luke Skywalker or Spider-Man?
Who would win this match: The Court of Owls vs The League of Shadows?
Who would win, The Librarian vs John-117?
How would Master Ultra Instinct Goku defeat any Buu without a spirit bomb?
Who would win, a silverback or a gorilla?
Who'd win, A triceratops vs 5 white rhinos?
In the Justice League who could defeat an opponent the most easily via Battle Field Removal?
What vampires could beat my ultimate team of vampire killers?
Who'd win, Arya Stark vs Geralt of Rivia?
Who would win, Kratos with the Leviathan ax vs. Thor with Mjolnir?
Arm-Fall-Off Boy vs Armless Tiger Man: Who would win?
Thor runs a combat speed gauntlet...
Who's the strongest, "Kryptonian Jedi Wizard BatBoss XenoKraZillaNorris Ramb-Inator Prime doing a Falcon Kamehameha-douken," can 5/10 in a fight?
Who would win, Zoom or Superman?
Who wins, 1,000 humans or 10 gorillas?
Ronald McDonald vs the Chick-fil-a cows: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this punch-up: 2016 Election - every past US president is brought back to life and runs against each other?
In a hand-to-hand combat between an average Arab and an Indian, who would win?
Could India win a non-nuclear war against Japan?
All Human Survival Challenge, 10 contestants, 1 victor!
What do you think WWIII would be about?
Will India vanish from the world map if Pakistan and China attack?
Everybody in the USA with Captain America's powers vs everybody in Canada with Wolverine's vs everybody in Mexico with Spider-Man 2099's: Who would be the champion?
What happened in the fight between Naruto and Kiba?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Dracula vs Arucard / Vampire fight, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Zuko or Mako?
Every marine predator ever except orcas vs equal number of orcas
Is intelligence like running a 100 meter race where some people are just faster and no matter how hard you try, they will always win?
If Germany would wait 10 years and then start a war, would they win because they made the first jet so that means they can make other stuff to win?
Goku vs. Seiya, who would win?
Why is "balance" so important in a fighting game?
Your country has defeated Israel in a war. What peace terms will you impose on them?
Who will win a wrestling match between Asuka and Paige?
Who would claim victory out of George Washington and Caesar Vs,Alexander the Great and Napoleon at rRisk, and why?
Who would have the edge out of Sun Wukong vs Yang Xiao Long, and why?
Who'd win, Tea Gardner and Twilight Sparkle are running for President of Friendship. Who gives the best speech on Friendship?
Who would win, MCU Post-Ragnarok Thor vs DCEU Post-Justice League Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight between a Sumatran Tiger and a Pantanal Jaguar?
Who would win this battle: yami sukehiro. Vs. All might?
Who'd win, Goku Vs Superman?
Who would win in a battle between Harry Potter + Thor versus Chuck Norris + 3,000 squirrels?
In a fight between Anthony Johnson and GSP who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Spinosaurus or Indominus Rex?
Who'd win, Tyler Durden vs Mr.Robot - Who can start a revolution the quickest?
Who would win this war: The many universes start to fuse together and it takes 5 months. How do you survive the mayhem when society breaks down?
Who would win out of Steve Irwin vs Killer Croc, and why?
If there was 1 master from every different martial arts in the world have a fight to the death. Who would win with what martial art?
Who would win in a war between the UK and the EU?
Who would win in a fight, a lumberjack with tentacles for arms or a shark riding a unicycle?
Who would win this battle: Rhino alien vs Tank?
Who would win in a fight between Green Lantern and Superman?
Who is the strongest character Rhino can beat?
Itachi Uchiha VS Admiral Fujitora: Who would be victorious?
Who would have the edge out of Batman vs the Abrahamic God, and why?
Who will win in the compatibility race, Cancer or Aquarius?
Who would win, Zeno Zoldyck or Menthuthuyoupi?
Who would win between Sarah Kerrigan in her Xel’naga form and Sauron in a death battle?
How many average unarmed humans would it take to kill Captain America? Cap has his shield, and they are fighting in New York. No morals on either side.
A Coalition of Heroes against the Old Earth: Sailor Moon, Superman, Wonder Woman, Orion, Sentry, Thor, Silver Surfer, Goku, Vegeta, vs Superman Prime: Who would come out on top?
Who would win: a tiger, or a chimp?
How would South America be affected by Word War III?
Who would win in a war between Star Wars, Star Trek, and Stargate?
Featuring: Roland Deschain of Gilead
15 velociraptors vs. King Kong: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between Percy Jackson and Hulk?
A fight between a gorilla and a lion, who's going to win the fight?
Naruto : If there is a battle between Uchida Madara and Superman, who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Bobby Singer vs Rupert Giles?
30 Spartans vs 30 Space Marines: Who would claim victory?
How would the world powers react if all nuclear weapons disappeared overnight?
Who would win, Mr. Incredible vs. Tai Lung?
Who would win, Sagat vs Son Goku?
Who would win, Smash Bros vs. Street Fighter?
Who would win this duel: Boros vs. Composite Godzilla?
Blue Vs Clifford the Big Red Dog: Who would claim victory?
Surgeon Simulator 2013: Walter White, George Costanza, Ezio Auditore, Bane, Ellen Ripley and Raiden are gathered in a room and forced to do a brain transplant on the Moving Ambulance Level. Who would end up finishing the quickest: Who would win?
who would win:captian america vs male chimpanzee ?
Who would win, Teen Titans vs. The Avengers?
How would Ego fare in a fight against Thanos?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Mario?
What will happen to Thanos’ plan if Chuck Norris has the soul stone?
Who'd win, Bobcats vs Racoons vs Owls?
The Annihilators vs. The Justice Society of America: Who would win?
South park inspired battle.
Which Historical Figure could beat Superman?
If the US went to war with China, who would win and why?
Who would win between Darth Vader and Sauron?
Who could beat Batman in a fight but not an arm-wrestling match?
Who would win, Devon Woodcomb has a boxing match versus Mike Tyson. How well will he fare?
You can morph into any man-made object, how do you go about assassinating the president? Who would win?
Who would win out of A Hippo vs 10 Lions, and why?
Who would win this combat: Superman is Dead. The Annual Superhero party is coming up. Can Batman and Wonder Woman pull a "Weekend At Bernie's" and convince the superhero community that he is still alive?
Who would win in a battle between a Mark V and a A7V?
Who would win in a battle between a wolf and a wolfhound?
Who would win in a fight, Edward Elric or Momo Yaoyorozu?
Prince Ali Versus...
Who would be the champion out of Spinosaurus and 2 T-Rex Vs. Carcharodontosaurus and 2 Giganotosaurus, and why?
Who would win out of MCU Avengers vs DCEU Justice League, and why?
FAMILY FEUD: Fantastic Four vs Bat Family: Who would win?
You get $100,000 and immunity from the law. How many kangaroos can you kill? Who would win?
Who would come out on top out of Dr. Strange vs Dr. Fate. FOR REAL THIS TIME, and why?
Woolly Mammoth runs a modern animal gauntlet
Who would win a fight between Chuck and Jason Bourne?
In a strange event, who would do better in the others shoes, Batman or Black Panther?
Who would win in a battle between Ultron and Iron Man?
Franklin, Michael and Trevor vs Dallas, Hoxton, Chains and Wolf: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, 200 billion fire ants vs all of ISIS?
Who really stopped Hitler from winning the war?
Who will win the great Google versus Facebook war?
Who would win in a fight between Galbatorix and Palpatine?
Who would win, Hercules or Tyrant?
Can India win a war against Bhutan?
In the event India and Pakistan get into a real nuclear confrontation, what is the possibility of uncovering of a "nuclear scam/fraud" i.e. the fact that nuclear capabilities were exaggerated by the 2 governments to please public for political gains?
Who would win, A T-rex vs fifteen men armed with spears?
Who would win between the Avengers and all of Hogwarts?
Who would have the edge out of 1 million ant-sized humans VS 1 human-sized ant, and why?
Who'd win, Wonderwoman vs Supergirl: Who can make the best sammich?
Who would win, Shadow or Super Shadow?
Who would win in a fight between a saltwater crocodile and a sperm whale?
Who'd win, Kung Fu Panda Po at his prime against who in the Dragon Ball world? Who would be the strongest and most skilled he could take on?
Black Panther vs. El Tigre I: Who would win?
Who would win this battle: The Fire Nation vs. Middle Earth?
Who would win this combat: The Hulk VS Ghost Rider?
Who would win, Charizard or Venusaur?
Who would win in a war between Iceland and Greenland?
What human being with no powers could beat DC's Ted "Wildcat" Grant in a boxing match?
Who'd win, Voldemort & Nagini vs Rey and Kylo?
Who'd win, monkey d luffy vs son goku?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy or Aang?
Could 30 Dwayne Johnson’s take down a Siberian Tiger?
What was Malcom X fighting for?
Who would win, The Happy Tree Friends, the black guy in a horror film, a Star Trek redshirt, a wise mentor who taught everything he/she knew, and the superhero protagonist's parents are in The Final Destination?
Who would win, Shalnark or Bonolenov?
Who will win in a three way war between the Roman Empire, Alexander's Empire, and the Mongol Empire?
Who would win, Mereum or Genos?
Who would win, Zuko, Azula, and Fire Lord Ozai are replaced with Tyrion, Cersei, and Tywin Lannister ?
How do you stay focused in a fight or flight situation?
Who would win a fight between Spiderman and Robin?
Who would win, Brain slug vs. Hypnotoad?
Who would win in a fight between the Hulk of Marvel Comics and Kumbhkaran from the Ramayana Era?
Who would win out of Goku vs. Bibarel, and why?
Who would win in a fight between toothless and rainbowdash?
Who would win, Covenant Special Operations Elites vs Predators?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of A polar bear vs. An average guy with a chainsaw, and why?
Galactus VS Killer Croc VS Rhino VS Terrax: Who would be the champion?
You VS Everyone on WWW in a massive debate. Who would win?
Who would win, Dracula, Frankenstein's Monster, and the wolf man vs Michael Myers, Freddy, and Jason?
Have you ever been in a fight in school?
Morty, Frye, pinky, kel, sheen, and Charlie all play against each other in a game of civ v who wins and how?
Who would win, Shuri and Bruce Banner versus Nick Fury and Mantis?
If a battle happens between Ravan's army and Duryodhan's army, which side do you think would win?
How many German Shepherds would it take to take down a Bengal Tiger?
Are we already in World War III, the Cyber War?
Hypothetically, if Syria and Egypt did a joint invasion of the European Union, would they even have the slightest chance at winning the fight, even if the US stayed out of it?
How would humans fight an Artificial Intelligence if she was evil and declared war to all humans?
How many Gorillas does it take to kill a Hippo?
State of the Subreddit "The Big One"
WhoWouldWin Court: The Case of Goku
Who would win, Regen battle: Wolverine vs hawkman?
Who would win this duel: Honey Badger vs Wolverine?
Our most modern tank vs an ant of equal size
How do you win a war against a guerrilla force?
Vampire Batman v. Werewolf Punisher
You Vs. a human sized Mantis. Who would win?
Who would win, Loki vs Joker?
Two Batmen occupy the same bat cave but only one robin, he must ensure Batman 1 doesn't acknowledge the existence of Batman 2.
Who would be the winner out of Ice vs Electricity - Esdeath vs Mikoto Misaka, and why?
Your first Superhero vs. your current favorite
In a battle royale between all characters and people called Jack, who would win?
You have 20 minutes to prepare for 100 5 year olds coming to attack you, how do you prepare and how do you fare?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand combat between Captain America and Deathstroke?
Who would win, The Avengers vs Justice League in a game of Family Feud?
Who would win, Kylo or Ahsoka?
Who would win in a fight, Kirby or Megaman?
Who would win in a fight between the Green Lantern and Dark Phoenix?
Your Dream Team is celebrating Oktoberfest and they stumble upon Beerfest. Who is your team that would ensure victory, but would also lose to the MCU heroes in a fight?
Who would win in a middleweight title fight between Georges Saint Pierre and Anderson Silva?
Who will win in the match of Ryuga vs. Tyson?
Which U.S. President would be the best Avatar?
Who'd win, Tony Hawk vs Thor in a combat speed match?
Who would win a war between Republic of Congo and Tajikistan?
The Dinosaur Train vs Thomas the Tank Engine: Who would be victorious?
Could an armless Spider-Man dodge Gaara's Sand Coffin?
You vs A Grizzly Bear Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Sandman's Endless and Marvel Comics' Eternity?
Your favorite character takes Aang's place as the Avatar. Can they master all 4 elements in time to defeat the fire lord?
Which car would win in a race: the Lykan Supersport, Hennessey Venom GT, or Bac Mono? Why?
Who would win, Jessica Cruz or Star Sapphire?
Superfight Fight #1
Can a Dire Wolf match a Grizzly Bear?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Doctor Strange or Ghost Rider?
In war documentaries, why is only the story of the winning side shown? The losing side also shows bravery for the cause they fought for.
If a mustache fought a beard, who would win?
Who would win, Starfire vs Major Force?
Who is the best 1 on 1 fighter in the entire Naruto universe? If there was a tournament, who would win the whole thing?
What are the odds of being born versus the odds of winning the lottery?
Who would win, Beerus ve Thor?
An ant colony is given opposable thumbs and human intelligence. could they beat Superman?
Who would win in a war, all of Africa or all of Europe?
If someone with spatial manipulation fought with someone with time manipulative abilities, who would win and why?
Bleach: Who wins in the battle between Ichigo and Muramasa?
Yusuke Urameshi vs. Uryū Ishida: Who would be the victor?
Who would have won a war between the Soviet Union and the U.S. in 1981?
What's the difference between a cruiser, a destroyer, a frigate, and a littoral combat ship?
Who would win: Jimmy Neutron or the Kids Next Door?
Pixy vs the Raiden mk-2: Who would claim victory?
Who would win out of Fit human armed with medieval weaponry vs animals, and why?
Who'd win, Ultra Instinct Goku VS That thing that naturto did?
Should the name of Aurangzeb Road be changed?
Who would win this match: Akuma vs Ghost Rider?
How many lions would it take to 5/10 a fully grown t-Rex?
In a dogfight between an F-4 Phantom and an A-10 Warthog, which plane would you rather be flying?
How would General Hux go about defeating Grand Admiral Thrawn?
Every Single Ant in the World vs. Humanity
Who would win in a fight between Bruce Lee and the Great Khali?
Who would win, 20 healthy males from 1890 or 20 healthy males form 2017?
Who'd win, Master chief vs the great one?
Who would win this match: Catman vs Kangaroo?
Who would win in a fight: Morgoth or Darth Bane?
Should I go for a Moto G5 Plus or a Redmi Note 4?
Predator runs a gaunlet.
Who describes the better meal, G.R.R.Martin or Brain Jacques?
You vs President Barack Obama Who would win?
Batman is aching for a game of Chess Boxing
Who would win this match: Gon vs Current Midoriya?
Who do you think will win in a race Superman or the flash?
Between World War I and II, enormous advances were made both in the quantity and quality of tanks and airplanes that were deployed in battle. Which had a greater impact on the changes in combat strategy between the two world wars, tanks or airplanes?
Dr. Doom's Adventures in Westeros
Who would win a fight between a rhino and a tiger?
Who would win this war: Cthulhu vs godzilla?
Who would win in a battle between The Avengers and Darkseid?
Who would win, Force-less Darth Vader with a regular sword vs Lucina?
Who Would Win: a neutered pit bull with no jaw or teeth or claws vs. an 8-year-old boy with no hands.
Who would win this war: Harley Quinn Vs Domino?
Who is the strongest character SSJ3 Goku could beat in a fight using only his hair to attack?
The major historical rulers with the epithet the Great face off to see who is the greatest.
Who would be the champion out of Aaron vs. Bulk Biceps in a flex off, and why?
Does the USA have weapons in space to ultimately win any war or defend themselves from ICBM's?
Who would win in a fight of Darth Vader and Tyranus and Maul versus Darth Sidious?
Who would win in a war between a united Eastern Europe and a united Middle East?
Who would win in a fight, Big Bird or Hitler?
Who would win, the true form Frieza or the golden Frieza?
If you magically become the ruler of the whole world during an alien invasion, what will you do?
If the Tournament of Power were held at the end of DBGT instead, who would be U7's Ten Fighters?
What would happen if the Korean War went hot again?
A Walrus vs a Human: Who would win?
Who would be the champion out of Galactic Empire vs Code Geass Earth, and why?
In a bare fist fight, who would win, Donald Trump or Kim Jong-un?
3 Steph Curry’s and 2 Lebron’s play a pickup basketball game versus 2 Steph’s and 3 Lebron’s. Who wins?
Naruto vs. Saitama: Who would be the winner?
Who will win in a fight between Scarlett witch and Jean grey?
Who would win, Original Iron Legion from Iron Man 3 MCU or 34 Outriders?
Who would win a battle between Emperor Palpatine and the Harry Potter Dementors?
A level 100 Dragonborn vs Level 20 Dungeons & Dragons Classes: Who would have the best chance of winning?
An army of sheep led by a lion vs. An army of lions led by a sheep
Michael J Fox vs Edward Scissor Hands in a game of Jenga. Who would win?!?
How can the fighting between my boyfriend and I stop?
Who would win, Mermaids vs. Bridge Troll?
Who would win a war between South Sudan and Colombia, if they were neighbors?
You encounter a man with a knife, a man with a baseball bat, and a man with a sledgehammer. You can choose one of them to team up with you as the other two will try to kill you. Who would win?
Who'd win, DC Villains Team vs Marvel Villains Team?
Who would win in a fight, Doomsday or The Runner?
You vs. A Zoo Who would win?
Apple versus Google: Who would win in a fight?
Who would win a war between New Zealand and Tonga?
Who would win this battle: Luke Skywalker vs Lestat?
Featured Team 6/09/18: The Foot Clan
Who'd win, Hippo vs Polar bear?
What should I do if war broke out in my country while I was studying in America?
How will Syria and Iraq look in January 2017?
Who would win in a war between the countries of Central/Eastern Europe and the countries of the Middle East?
If SCO and NATO fought to the death, who would win?
Who would win this match: Toriko vs. Zebra vs. Coco vs. Sunny?
Black Panther vs. The Bat Family: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Could Russia defeat all of NATO in a war?
Who'd win, Guts Vs. War?
Who would win: A or Jiraiya?
Who would win out of Duane and Brando vs Dan Bull & NLJ, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Emperor Palpatine and Darth Vader versus the entire Stormtrooper army?
You've been kidnapped. You can call on the characters from one television show to make a rescue attempt. Which show do you pick? Who would win?
Batman vs Bucky Barnes: Who would win?
Is there any animal that can beat a human which has a month of prep time and his country's help with prep?
Green Lantern VS Superman: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Which is scarier: a ghost or a skeleton?
In a straight up battle to the death between Big Barda and Woman Woman, who wins?
Could a triceratops kill a T-Rex in a head on a fight face to face with no ambush?
Horse Racing: Will California Chrome win the Triple Crown in 2014 and why or why not?
Neckbeard in the Black Panther suit vs Neckbeard in the Iron Man suit
Could a grown man win in a fight to the death against a neanderthal?
Mike Tyson vs A Chimpanzee: Who would be the victor?
Wildbow gains creative control over your favourite "useless power" character. What is the strongest enemy the can now defeat, with their powers brought to their natural conclusion?
Which GoT character could beat Khal Drogo in a fight?
As the Deep Sea King causes havoc throughout the city, a voice calls out... "It's alright now... I AM HERE!" All Might vs Deep Sea King
What's the strongest modern day country the Fire Nation could conquer?
Who would win in a fight, Mewtwo or Aang?
Oliver Queen/The Arrow vs Jason Bourne
A team of God-Killers runs a ladder.
If all seven of the homunculi from Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood fought in a free for all: who would win, and why?
Who would be the winner out of ezio vs masterchief, and why?
Why was the Battle of Cannae such a slaughter? Why didn’t the killing end until nearly 70,000 out of the 80,000 Romans were dead?
Who will start the nuclear war first, North Korea or America?
Regardless of whether one identifies as an atheist or a theist , would it be more productive for society to expand the definition of religion than it would be to combat it?
Hypothetical Wars: Who would win a war between Brazil and Venezuela?
Will the fight between India and Pakistan stop?
A gripe about posts and comments lately: Who would have the edge?
Featured Team: The S Class Heroes
A free-for-all between rappers if their rap names truly represent who they are.
Why do most terrorist groups believe that winning war against America will end all wars going on around the globe? What is this belief officially named?
What would happen if the US didn't fight in World War I?
Who would win in a fight, Black Panther or Luke Cage?
Who'd win, The average British kid VS The average American kid?
Purely in terms of Martial Arts skill who would win Baymax Vs Po
Free-for-all between everyone with "Doctor" in their name.
Who would win an unbiased battle between Karna and Arjuna?
Who would win in a fight between Vegeta and Wolverine?
Who would win in a war between 1 billion totally unarmed adults and 100,000 soldiers armed with AK47 rifles and unlimited ammunition?
Who would win out of The Bat family minus Batman vs The Crimebusters minus Dr. Manhattan, and why?
What happens in the fight between Goku and Galactus?
Is there a character that doesn't have any health regenerative powers that can survive the Adamantium bonding process like the Wolverine did without dying?
Who would win, Goku SSJBlue vs Vegeta SSJBlue?
If they submerged Santa Anita Park under water, who would win in a race between Zenyatta, Michael Phelps, a dolphin, and Aquaman?
Who would win between a SWAT and a Seal team?
Who would win in a war between India and Zambia?
Who will win a hypothetical war between India and Sierra Leone?
What is the strongest thing/group that Kung Fury and his friends can beat?
Who would win, Prince Oberyn and all of his elder Sand Snakes , vs Rhuarc and Aviendha?
The United States calls for a draft of young men and women to fight in a world war three scenario: Who would have the best chance of winning?
What are the greatest WW2 battles beside D-Day, the Battle of Berlin, and the Battle of Stalingrad?
How well would the live action Ghost Riders do in the Supernatural universe?
Who would win, the Beyonders or Doctor Doom or Thanos?
In a race between a Yamaha R3 and a Ninja 300, which one will win in straight long road?
Who would win, Blaziken vs Infernape?
Who will win in a fight between Tigra and Wolverine?
Who would win in a fight between Baloo and Bagheera?
Ike vs Ganon: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Which one will win in a long drag race - a 2014 Nissan GTR or a Bugatti Veyron?
How might we upgrade Panzer IV tank to be effective on a modern battlefield in a combat role?
Edward Cullen VS Batman: Who would come out on top?
Who will win in a war between Advanced Wars: DS and Forces from Red Alert?
Are *any* fighter-class space-ships in fiction as durable as the Arwings in Star Fox 64?
Who would win in a fight: Hanzo or Brave?
How do I deal with fear of war breaking out in my country?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Superman?
Who would win this brawl: Final Wars Godzilla vs The fighters of Super Smash Bros Brawl?
Who'd win, Team VS Team #4 ShadowKaras' Team VS PissedOffBiotic's Team?
Who would win in a war between the UK and Israel?
Who would win, Goku versus Vegeta?
In WWII who would have won, if the only 2 belligerents were Germany vs. Japan is an all out war, considering the distances and invasion nearly impossible?
5 fat guys vs a lion: Who would win?
Off Topic Animals and Mangos discussion for 2/16/2016
What is the best way to win in horse race betting?
Who will win in battle between Barry Allen, Wally West and Jay Garrick vs Savitar, Hunter Zolomon and Eobard Thawne?
The Mughals try to conquer the world, but all their elephants are replaced with LOTR Mumakils how far do they get?
Who would win this duel: US special force Vs Spartans?
Who's the strongest character a man with Mr. Needful's items can beat 5/10?
High-Street-Level Tourney: Round 2
Can my character “Chris” can defeat your favorite planet-busting character at least 6/10?
Who'd win, Spider-Man with all legs vs Doctor Octopus with all arms?
Who would claim victory out of North Korea vs United Kingdom, and why?
Who would win a fight between Demetrious Johnson and CM Punk?
Who would win: Steppenwolf or Thanos?
Cartoon Sand Castle Competition!
What are the best ways to start a fight?
If Russia nuked the UK using intercontinental missiles and destroyed it completely, but no Russian soldier would physically enter the UK, would Nato or the US invade Russia?
Do you think World War III will begin this year?
What if William J. Hardee had taken command of the Army of Tennessee during one of the times when he was offered it?
Who would win, Beyond Netero or the Pariston Hill?
When will we see the first dogfight/aerial engagement between the F-35 Lightning and the F-22 Raptor, or other existing combat aircrafts?
Who would win a fight between krillin and Naruto?
Who would win, Vegeta or Isaac Netero?
Imagine a cold war in South America between the capitalist Brazil and the communist Venezuela. If there was a war between, let's say Sierra Leone, the ruling dictatorship and a large group of rebels, who would win the Cold War?
God Slayers VS Beerus: Who would be the victor?
DC vs Marvel in a football match: Who would have the best chance of winning?
If most things in America's workforce would stop because of WWIII, would we starve?
Who would win a war between Cuba and North Korea without nukes and outside interference?
How do I get win in horse racing?
Why was winning the space race seen as important by each superpower?
Which one will win if a battle happens between Type 99 and Arjun Mk2?
Mace Windu VS Count Dooku: Who would have the edge?
The 5-ish Rules
Who would win, Saitama vs MCU Thanos?
Who would win: The Presence or Cosmic Armor Superman?
If a war had to break out, where would be the safe/strategic place to be?
Whos the Strongest BNHA Character Mumen Rider can best.
Who would win in a street fight, a 3rd degree black belt in taekwondo who has never been in an actual street fight before or a non-martial art person who’s been in 300 street fights?
If the Germans had captured Moscow and the Soviet Union had surrendered in 1942, would the Allied Powers still have been able to defeat Nazi Germany?
Which group would win in a fight, A.I.M or the Hive?
Who would win this fight: Tyrannosaurus Rex vs Rancor?
If the Adam West Batman created an Anti-SpongeBob Bat-Spray, could it injure SpongeBob?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Natsu?
Everyone on Earth is turned into an Animal for One Year!
Who would win in a fight: Vision , or Martian Manhunter?
Who would win the war between Vietnam and Myanmar?
Joke Question : If Jimmy Wales' beard fought Chuck Norris' beard, whose would win, and why?
Who'd win, Goku VS Wonder Woman VS Batman at learning a new martial arts?
Who'd win, Captain Spider-Thor and Green Bat-verine?
Who would win, Shazam/William Batson or Doomsday?
Who would win?
Who would come out on top out of 8 fully armed and armored Spartan II's vs Anakin and Obi-Wan, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Luffy and Goku get dropped into the Torikoverse and both aspire to become Gourmets, and why?
a group of super spyes are given the task of kill the current president of the united states
Who would win in a battle between the forces of Tamerlane and Alexander the Great? Both men are fighting on neutral ground and using the weapons available to them in their eras.
Who would win this war: Batman vs. Riddick?
If Iron Man and Goku met, would they be friends or enemies?
Weakest character who could beat a composite version of The Flash?
Assuming all countries in the regions are united, who will win in a war between South Asia and South East Asia?
Britain and France must have thought they could beat Germany when they declared war in 1939. How might an earlier Allied victory have played out?
Who has a better chance of winning one to one combat between Oberyn Martell and Daario Nahaaris?
In UFC 225, Brock Lesnar must defend the heavyweight title against a jacked kangaroo.
What would happen if every living animal on Earth decided to attack the human race?
Who would win in a fight, Shoto Todoroki or Kid Naruto?
Strongest faction that the nihallaks can defeat
Who would win in a fight between Ash Williams and The Punisher?
Who would win in a fight, All-Might or Blastoise?
Why doesn't China just rule Taiwan by force since NATO is busy in Syria and even if it isn't, NATO can do nothing about Taiwan?
Who would win, Vegeta vs 1st Form Frieza?
How likely is it that WW3 is going to start this year? Should I be prepared?
Assuming it could get its venom into the bloodstream, what's the biggest whale a cobra could kill?
The Joker and Lex Luthor try to become president, who wins?
Whoever is in your flair runs this gauntlet.
Batman vs his entire rogues gallery in Wii Sports Boxing: Who would be victorious?
Who would win a fight between a Spartan warrior and a modern soldier?
Who would win a war between Vietnam and Cuba?
Marvel v DC Brain Match
Who would win this combat: Darth Vader vs Iron Man?
Who would win the battle between mongol army and han army? why?
All of the Green Lanterns of Earth in a fight.
Eight of the Marvel Universe's most powerful forces!
Who would win, Batman or the US Army?
If Superman and Shaktiman come face to face, who will win?
Who would win in a fight, an African buffalo or a moose?
Who would win, Hulk and Odin vs Thanos?
Who would win, Beerus or "Strongest Lifeform"?
Who would be the champion out of Mister Mxyzptlk Vs. Bat-Mite, and why?
Who would win, Adolf Hitler vs. Barack Obama?
Who would win in a fight, King Bradly or Kirito?
Who would win, Aquaman, Cyborg, and Wonder Woman or Reverse-Flash?
What fictional character has the highest boat count?
Chucky vs Annabelle: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Why did 26/11 Mumbai attack happen? What was the actual motive of the terrorist behind this attack?
Who would win in a fight, Grey Worm or anyone in the Kingsguard?
Who would be the victor out of 1 billion John Cena's vs 1 billion lions, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Modern North Korea vs. Imperial Japan, and why?
Who is the strongest character Nacho Libre can beat?
Teaching Methods: The Minerva Project versus Ivy League Schools: Which education model wins looking out over the next 10 years?
Who will win in a fight between Green Lantern and Firestorm?
Who would have the edge out of Nemo's Survival Challenge: Who and what do you survive with on the island, and why?
Will WWIII & IV be fought between atheists?
Who would win black panther or Vladimir Putin?
Who'd win, Katara vs Toph?
Who would win, Pippi Longstocking vs. Harriet The Spy?
If Sonic raced against the Flash, who would win?
Who would win in a world war between countries that adopt each writing system?
Who would win a war between the United Kingdom and South Africa?
Who would win, Green Lantern/Hal Jordan vs Tomar Ra?
Could the US defeat all countries in the world combined in a war?
Oh shit dog, it's a mad scientist battle: Krieger from Archer vs. Rick from Rick and Morty
Who would win in a fight between Galactus and Thanos?
Who do you think would win in Into the Badlands, Sunny, Black Widow, or Nathaniel?
Who would win a war between the USA, the UK, Israel, India, and Japan vs China, Turkey, and Pakistan?
State of the Subreddit 6/30/2016
Hunger Games: Who would win, Katniss or Foxface?
Geralt suddenly appears in White Wolf Universe. What happens?
Who would win this brawl: Xenomorphs vs animals of Earth?
Who would win in a fight between an elephant and a T. rex?
Can your favourite character complete the 12 tasks of Asterix?
It’s clear the Air Force is air combat and the US Navy is water combat. What is the difference between the US Army and the US Marines, functionally speaking?
Barring nuclear weapons, how might a Third World War between NATO and a Russia/China coalition be fought?
Who would win this brawl: Ant Man vs the spider that bit Spiderman?
Who would win the race, money or health?
Ignoring plot and *just* going with feats, who would win: Thor or Loki?
What kind of war would WW3 be like if it happened?
Who would win this fight: MCU Magneto survives in Auschwitz until 1960, where he discovers that Nazi Germany has won the war and has been ruling the world with an iron fist. Can he defeat the entire Nazi Empire of Wolfenstein: The New Order?
Who would win in a fight between Doomsday and Lobo?
Who would win this combat: Boba Fett vs Master Chief. Wait! Twists everywhere?
Who would win, Octopus Prime vs Sharkatron?
Who would claim victory out of Seven Scientific Minds versus the Seven Sins, and why?
Let's say that there is an interstellar war but there is no faster-than-light technology. How would the war play out?
If the Korean war broke out again, would it result in World War III?
If the KotOR video game versions of light side Revan reborn and dark side Revan reborn fought, who would win?
You are given one Dragon Ball, and the location of the other six. Can you become the ruler of Earth, under these scenarios? Who would win?
How did the French and British colonial possessions support the Entente war effort during WW1?
Who would win a war between India and Israel? Why?
Which of the following assassins can kill the US president the quickest?
Who would win this brawl: Hal Jordan and Blue Lantern Superman vs Sinestro, Atrocitus, and Yellow Lantern Batman?
Inter-Universe Tournament of Power
Could Italy have won the naval war in the Mediterranean during WW2? If not, what was the best possible result?
Who wins, Ultron and Vision or Thanos?
In modern times, how would armed citizens in the United States rise up against a government they deemed tyrannical?
What's the weakest Bot or team that could best My eight Mavericks?
Who is the most powerful Star Wars character who can beat Lord Voldemort?
Which characters would win in a team fight of Goku and Jiren versus Superman and Thanos without any Infinity Stones?
Who would win a hypothetical war between ISIS and the modern Vietnamese Army?
Pick 10 tanky, non-Marvel characters that can beat my 10 characters in a football match.
An average Human Being vs. A water droplet going at the speed of light
Who will win in a fight between Iron Man in his Bleeding Edge armor and Superman?
Who would win this punch-up: Master Chief VS SCP-682?
Who would win, A man that can summon lightning vs a man that can absorb lightning with no cap?
What would a WWIII with no nukes be like?
Who would win in a full-on war between the American continent vs the rest of the World?
Boxing Time! Makunouchi Ippo vs. Little Mac.
Who would be the champion out of Ender from Ender's game commanding the Northern Water Tribe VS The Fire Nation, and why?
How much in modern aerial combat depends on the skills of the pilot? In a fight between a superior pilot flying inferior jet and an inferior pilot flying superior jet, who is most likely to be the winner?
Monkey D Luffy takes a A-tier gauntlet!
Who will win, Vegito or Jiren?
Who'd win, Launch Octopus vs Dr Octopus?
Who would win, The Cullens vs The Avengers?
A Skilled Roy runs a Fox gauntlet
MMA vs Special Forces: Who would win?
If all 24 heroes of Overwatch fought each other in a free-for-all, who would win?
If there were a war between Germany and Singapore, who would win?
The Users of /r/whowouldwin vs a Family of Bears: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this fight: Garfield the cat vs The Seven Deadly Sins?
Who would win, Tenten or Neji?
Who would win a fight between Thanos and pre-Crisis Superman?
Which birds could plausibly take a bald eagle in a fight?
The most famous person from your state in a fight with...
How many attack dogs would it take to defeat Sandor "The Hound" Clegane?
In an all out battle between Christianity and everyone else who would win?
Who is the weakest god in fiction?
Who would win, Asta, Amana, and Manheim vs Genthru, Bara and Sub?
How many 5 year olds could John Wick take on in hand to hand combat?
Featured Team: The Schutzstaffel
Who'd win, Silver age Superman vs Fan Calculated Goku?
Who would win in a fight Itachi or Obito?
Who would win this punch-up: Ser Gregor Clegane vs. Syrio Forel?
Who would be the victor out of Mr. Roger's obtains the powers of the Infinity Gauntlet. To assuage nerd fandom, whom he feels father to, he calls into existence gladiators from anime and comics to fight for our amusement, and why?
Who would win, A pissed off Tiger vs 6 Police officers in Riot gear?
Talion VS Geralt of Rivia: Who would be the victor?
Booty vs Drinking Water: Who would win?
Who'd win, Tai Lung vs Luther Strode?
Who would win a fight between Hulk and Hades?
All living presidents in a Civilization match
Who would win in a war between Pakistan and Malaysia?
How much of the boot-shining, bed-making and toilet-cleaning aspects of military training help in a combat situation for frontline troops?
Who would win out of Corneria vs Hyrule, and why?
Sand vs Sawdust: Who would be victorious?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of African Elephant vs T. Rex, and why?
Adult Silverback Gorilla vs Adult Saltwater Crocodile: Who would come out on top?
How is an elite soldier better than the average infantry soldier? Do they shoot straighter?
Who would win, Cocoa vs Whis and Vados?
Who would win this battle: Generation of Miracles vs 95-96 Chicago Bulls/15-16 Golden State Warriors?
Who would win, 50 sentient American alligators with extensive knowledge of strategic and tactical theory VS 40 sentient Nile crocodiles with combat experience but no formal tactical training?
Who would win a war between Venezuela and Nepal? Why?
Who would win out of Captain America, Deathstroke, Batman, Bucky Barnes, Nightwing, and Black Widow are in command of 10,000 Uruk-Hai and 500 Mongolian Spies . What is the strongest army, Historical or Fictional, that they can defeat, and why?
World War Hulk acquires a Red Lantern ring, choose a five-person team to stop him
Create a team of comic book characters to defeat my television heroes
Who would win, Seal Team 5 and 3rd SF Group vs. Westeros Politics?
Who would win in a fight: Big Boss vs. John Rambo?
Who will win in a fight, Naruto or Gol D. Roger?
Is there any land based creature in the history of earth that could defeat a brute in hand to combat?
Who would win in a fight between an unarmed human diver and a giant octopus?
Who would win in a fight between Deidara and Orochimaru?
Could Aquaman beat Moses in a fight?
Who would win, Pikachu vs Indominus Rex?
Master Yoda vs Doctor Strange: Who would have the edge?
Who would win between a battle of Superman and Hulk vs Wonder Woman and Thor?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Plagueis or Darth Bane?
How many grey wolves can a Siberian tiger take on?
If there was a 200m sprint between Bale and Ronaldo, who would win?
Who would be the champion out of Korosensei vs Lucy, and why?
How does a human fight a robot soldier?
What if Russia is siding with both Korea’s in a war? Who will be America's allies?
Could an American WW2 battleship, or any other, have faced off against the Japanese Yamato and won?
Who would win this battle: Batman and Nightwing vs Captain America and Sam Wilson?
Who'd win, War God Medaka vs. God Cloth seiya?
Who would win a fight between Brock Lesnar and Josh Barnett?
Martial Arts: Royce Gracie against Bruce Lee - who would win?
How far away in the future is WWIII?
Nightwing vs Black Panther
Who would win a fight between Captain America and Ra's al Ghul?
Which Star Craft 2 race has been the most historically successful in the highest level of play in terms of win rate?
All 2016 Presidential candidates have, inexplicably, drawn for the race. The tiebreaker? Civ V.
What would have happened if Germany had won WWII?
If the trade war between the US and China happens & who do you think will win and how will you describe it?
What if the US joined the Central Powers in WWI and the Central won resulting with Allies's land in Africa and North America lost to the Germans and Americans? How would WWII look with Fascist France, Italy, Spain, and a mad Britain also the USSR?
Who would win out of Dean McCoppin vs. T-Bone, and why?
Who would win this brawl: Krillin, Yamcha, and Tien versus Wonder Woman, Black Adam, and Shazam?
Who would win this combat: Venom is coming to the middle of nowhere for Muriel, and the only thing in his way is a very cowardly dog?
What can you do when your neighbor is having a fight nextdoor, if you are only a kid?
Who would win in a war between ASEAN and USA?
Who would win in a fight, Aang and Katara or Batman and Robin?
could defeat Elder God Augustus Beyonder
Who would win a war between Iraq and Afghanistan?
You with Phineas and Ferb inventions. Who would win?
If Saitama ever fought against Mob who would win?
What's the hypothetical scenario might going if it bring all the whole world declare war to the United States?
If the U.S. states of Arkansas and California were separate countries, who would win in a hypothetical war?
Who would win out of Static Shock vs Pikachu, and why?
Who would win, D vs God-Emperor of Mankind?
Who would be the victor out of Sir Arthur vs Simon Belmont, and why?
Who would win this war: Sand vs Sand vs Sand?
Featured Team: The Espada
Monkey D. Luffy VS Son Goku VS Naruto Uzumaki: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Triceratops vs African Elephant?
Aside from Shrek, who would win out of a Battle Royale between the depicted groups in this "badass childhood" album?
WhoWouldWin Court: The Case of Spider-Man
Which war is more likely within the next 20 years, a US-China war or a civil war in the USA?
What's in a fight in anime?
Who'd win, Bar Fight: Navy SEAL Platoon vs NFL Football Team?
Who could take over MCU's Earth faster: Zemo or Killmonger?
Who fails harder; Rick painting the Mona Lisa vs Da Vinci getting Schwifty
Who would win this punch-up: Vash the Stampede vs. Vampire Hunter D?
If there was a war between India and the United States, who would win?
What Real Life Animal Could Defeat Their Fictional Counterpart?
Would a wolf beat a pit bull?
Who would win this battle: Gladiator vs Superman?
Would World War 3 actually involve nukes, or just men and women fighting each other on all sides without them? What’s more likely to happen?
What is the smalest animal that alone could beat 5 unarmed humans?
Who would win, Warframe vs Destiny?
Who would win in a fight, Flash or Naruto?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider and Thor vs Doomsday?
Could Thor with Stormbreaker beat Hulk now?
Who would win in a battle between Darth Vader and Daenerys, or any GOT character?
Who would win a fight between Black Widow and The Cavalry from Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D?
Who would win, A man in space vs a man underwater?
Wonder Woman is given a new movie made in the multiverse by the multiverse. She is given Lois Griffin as a villain instead of Cheetah. Can Wonder Woman draw ratings with Lois?
Horse Race Wagering: How do you calculate show and place odds from win odds?
Who would win a fight between Goku and the Juggernaut?
Who would come out on top out of Zach Galifianakis vs Bernice, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Historical Badasses vs Game of Thrones?
Who would win in a fight, Magikarp or Yamcha?
Who would win, CW Arrow or MCU Captain America?
Who would win this duel: Samurai Jack vs Mastered UI Goku?
Who would win in a hand to hand fight between Iron Fist and Batman with no superpowered suits/weapons?
Who would win in a fight between Predator and the mutant cannibal hillbillies from Wrong Turn?
Who would win a fight between Charles Xavier and the Doctor?
Who would have the edge out of Thanos vs The World Of Darkness, and why?
Bubbles vrs Fluttershy in adopting
Who'd win, Juggernaut vs Saint of Killers?
Who would be the winner out of Super Perfect Cell vs. Boros, and why?
The Injustice League vs. The Crime Syndicate vs. The Legion of Doom: Who would be victorious?
Who will win in a battle between Thanos and Elon Musk?
Most powerful animal-themed superhero/supervillain
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 1/3/2016
Who would win in a fight between these animals? Why?
you and your best friend have baseball bats. can you prime take down Anderson Silva? Who would win?
Who'd win, The combined forces of Aquaman and Namor VS The entire Japanese whaling fleet?
If a war is waged between all living being including humans without our technology who will win the war?
Who will win in a fight between Hulk and Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Wolverine or Thor?
WhoWouldWin Court: The Case of Thor Odinson
Who would win this duel: 5 Gorillas in full plate armor vs 5 Chimpanzees with swords?
Ant-Man continuously summons all the ants in the world to bite every inch of Wolverine's body, day in, day out. How long would it take before Logan begs him to stop?
Who would win in a fight between Hulkbuster and Thor?
What would be the safest states in World War 3?
What would happen if Brazil tried to invade the whole of Europe?
Who would win in a rap battle between Eminem and Jay-Z?
Who would win in a fight between Neo and Goku?
Who would win, Shota Aizawa at full power and serious vs Mirio Togata at full power and serious?
Who'd win, Bang vs Harry Potter?
What weapon would win in a fight Thor's Mjolnir or Hawkgirl's Nth metal mace?
Who would win this fight: Deadpool vs a T-800 Terminator?
Who would win in a fight between ISIS and an equal number of the top U.S. gangsters?
Who would win, Justice League humans vs Justice League Androids?
Who would win in a hand to hand combat to death with no weapons between a viking and a spartan? How would the winner do against the best MMA fighter?
Which Children's television character would be most powerful if given a dark and gritty reboot?
Who would win, Unarmored Black Panther vs Bullseye?
Who'd win, T.Rex vs Mario?
Who would have the edge out of Brienne of Tarth Vs. MMC Gunnery Sergeant Roberta "Bobbie" Draper, and why?
Who'd win, The Guardians of the Galaxy vs Fenris <MCU>?
Who would win a war between U.K and Germany?
Who would win in these fights, Mario vs Sonic and Exe vs Mario?
Star Lord vs. Star Fox: Who would be the champion?
Are there any good movies where the humans invade an alien world and win?
If a US general election were fought *now*, with Obama and Perry as the opposing candidates, who would win?
The Flash gains Ant-Man's abilities. What non-cosmic entity in any Sci-fi story can defeat him if he goes rogue?
In a fight between Master Chief and Voldemort, who would win?
Would Chinese people support the Chinese government if China were to wage a war on Arunachal Pradesh of India like it did in 1962?
Who would win, Hello there! Welcome to the world of Superhero-mon. You wake up to a world where your favorite DC, Marvel and other super-characters have become pokémon-like entities. What team do you assemble to acquire the following eight badges and defeat the Pokémon League?
Who would win, Piccolo vs Jiren?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Super Commando Dhruva?
The Fast and Furious series and the Kung Fu Panda series switch heroes - How do the Plots of each movie change: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Black Cat vs. Catwoman?
A wild pack of T-Rex have appeared!
A Black Panther, Cheetah, Lion, and Tiger are all locked in a battle arena. Which cat emerges the victor: Who would claim victory?
What if National Socialist Germany, Fascist Italy and the Soviet Union had not intervened in the Spanish Civil War?
Who would be victorious out of KND vs Furious 5, and why?
Put Batfleck in place of Solid Snake. Can he infiltrate Shadow Moses and complete his mission for him?
Horse from Shadow of the Colossus VS Horse from Legend of Zelda VS Horse from Skyrim at being the best horse: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, bat mite vs. lobo?
Humans are replaced by the myths that permeate local culture. What will the worlds biggest superpower be?
Alaskan Bull Worm vs. The Bird from Bugs Life: Who would be the winner?
Why didn't Hitler attack India?
If both were in their prime, who would win in a boxing match between Yoko Gushiken and Prince Naseem?
Who would win, Goku SSBK20 and Vegeta Beyond SSB vs SSB Vegito?
Who would win a fight between Hercules and Bheem?
Who would be the victor out of Domestic cat vs domestic dog of equal size, and why?
Who'd win, Reptar VS Kung Fu Panda?
Who'd win, Wolverine vs. Jesus?
Who would come out on top in a fight between Monkey D. Luffy , Natsu Dragneel , and Naruto Uzumaki?
Who would win this battle: Anakin Skywalker vs. Kefka Palazzo at hating sand?
Who would win in a fight between a wolf and a hyena?
Who would win, Xenomorph or Genestealer?
How could a third World War be triggered by AI?
Who is winning the self-driving car race today? Who will win it in the long-term and why?
What movie superheroes or supervillains are more powerful than their comic book counterparts?
Who would win, Doomsday, Darkseid, Apocalypse, or Thanos?
Who would win in a battle, Aragorn or Bard?
r/whowouldwin's Battle World
Who would win a conventional war between Hungary and Romania over Transylvania right now?
Who would win between a barbaric Hun army led by Attilia the Hun and an army of Norwegian Vikings?
whose the strongest single person this team could beat?
Who would win this war: The Fire Ferrets vs kid Aang+Katara+Zuko vs Anakin+Ahsoka in a Pro Bending tournament?
Who would win, Killer Freeze or Mr. Freeze?
Pick two, they will defend you while the others come to kill you.
Robert Baratheon vs Pumba: Who would be the winner?
Which country is winning the drone race, the USA or China?
Who would win an all out war between the UNSC in halo or the galactic empire?
Who would win this war: Batman vs Captain America in unarmed combat?
3 Rhinos vs 1 Triceratops: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Sauron vs Darth Plagueis?
Who will win in a fight between Batman and Black Widow?
Who would win this war: Anime Battle: You vs You vs You?
Who would win if the Military commanders of every country fought Hunger Games style?
Who'd win, The strongest martian in fiction, vs the strongest human in fiction?
Who'd win, One tiger vs 20 cats?
At this rate how many more wins does Rosberg likely need to gain 2016 championship?
Who would win out of Voldemort vs. Loki, and why?
Who would win this war: Green Lantern vs. Scarlet Witch?
If all the animals in a zoo fought, who would win?
Ron Swanson, Red Foreman, and Hank Hill all have had a few too many and start arguing over who was the best president, the solution? A battle-royal: Who would be the winner?
Who'd win, ELI5: Master Chief Vs Reinhardt?
Who would win, 7 Avatars of the Divine Staffs or King of Heliohapt Armakan Amun-Ra?
Who will win in a war between ASEAN and Australia?
Who will win, Ghost Rider or Beerus?
Who could train Rocky Balboa to beat Kaldo Draigo in a boxing match?
Which side finally wins in the Trojan War? What helped them win?
Who would win this brawl: Gypsy danger vs Megatron?
Why was Balder the Brave adapted out of the MCU?
What would’ve been changed in history if the British were given WW1 weapons/tech at the start of the Seven Years’ War?
Toonforce Vs. Plot Armor: Who would claim victory?
Night Hunter vs Aliens: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Silver Surfer vs Thor - With a Twist?
If all the bosses in a crash bandicoot fought one another, who would win? Why?
Why were Germans so good at warfare during WW2?
Weakest Character that could defeat Superman without physical combat and/or kryptonite
Turok the dinosaur hunter vs Kazar
Who would be the champion out of Spiderman with a sword made of fire VS Spiderman with a sword made of ice, and why?
African elephant vs 10 velociraptors from Jurassic park: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Anakin or Maui?
If all the TV and movie versions of the Joker fought Hunger Games style, which one would win?
Who'd win, Sonic Shadow and Silver vs Goku Vegeta and Trunks?
If I was attacked and left with minor blunt force injuries including a broken nose, and then left for around 7-9 hours unconscious, what would the consequences be?
Who'd win in a fight, Peter Quill from the Guardians of the Galaxy or Capt. Mal from Firefly?
What do you think about the India-Pakistan Champions Trophy 2017 final?
Make a Character capable of defeating Superman 10 Billion in combat.
Who would win a fight between Juggernaut and Kakashi?
If your home is a country, what would be it's geographical status among neighboring homes? How would you defend it from neighboring countries and others?
Who would win a war between Venezuela and Colombia? Why?
Who would win in a war, the Romans or the Mongols?
What modern weapon, if given to the 300 Spartans at Thermopylae, would change the outcome of that battle? What if the Spartans were given no training on how to work this weapon?
If real life wars started to be fought on Call of Duty instead, with exact conditions, which countries would have the immediate advantage?
Ned Stark demands a trial by combat. Will he win it?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 5/8/16
Who would win, Wolverine vs. Crocodile Dundee in a tracking contest?
Who'd win, Roast Lord vs Saitama?
Who would win, a leopard or a sun bear?
Who would win, an average HEMA practitioner with a poleaxe, an arming sword, a dagger, and a gambeson, or a drug addict high on PCP armed with a knife?
Who would win out of American Gods Week One and Lit Off Topic, and why?
Who would have the edge out of Idris Elba gains the power, skills, knowledge and equipment of every character he's played or done a voice acting part for. Who is the most powerful person he can defeat, and why?
Batman vs Squirrel Girl, who would win?
The ultimate One Piece crew run a Naruto gauntlet
Who is the strongest character that one trillion lions could at least 6/10 against?
Who would win if the leaders of every country fought, Hunger Games style?
My friend vs. A Tiger
Who would win this punch-up: Hank Hill VS Homer Simpson?
Who would win, Aunt May with a lightsaber vs. a Panda Bear?
Who will win in a battle between max and ray?
Who'd win, The God Emperor of Mankind vs Galactus and Thanos?
Who would win, Superman in full power or the Superman Sun-dipped?
Who would win, Sidra or MCU Thanos?
Who will in a fight between a wild Wolf and lone police trained German Sheperd?
If the mascots of all American universities fought to the death, which school would win?
Who would win, Inspector Gadget or Spiderman?
Who do you think will win a race between a street dog and a street donkey?
Who would win, 5 members of the Arkham Knight militia versus an elite group of five assassins under Hydra called Winter Soldiers?
You vs the entire UFC roster Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Kirby or Aang?
Barry Allen is killed before he can go back in time and set things straight. The war between Aquaman and Wonder Woman continues as normal. Who would win in the final battle?
If men and women went to war, who would win? Why?
Who would win in a death-fight between a megalosaurus, tarascosaurus and a torvosaurus gurneyi?
Who would win this combat: Roadhog vs. King Hippo?
Who would win this combat: The current Cleveland Cavaliers starting 5 vs Mike Tyson, Maywether, Ali and Manny Pacquio in a boxing match?
Who would win out of A sabertooth lion vs. a rhino, and why?
Who would win in a battle of minds between Admiral Thrawn, Spock, and Shikamaru Nara from Naruto?
Who will win between the Crusaders and Hurricanes? Why?
Who would win this punch-up: Mjölnir wielding Hulk vs superman?
Who would win out of Ghost rider VS Superman Prime, and why?
Batman is put in charge of the DC Cinematic Universe. Can he make a movie that grosses more than Infinity War?
Who would be the victor out of Dexter Morgan vs. Dexter Morgan, and why?
Cao Cao runs for president in 2020
An octopus vs. a human
All of the vending machines in the world are replaced by bears and vice versa. Does humanity survive and if so what are the damages?
Agent 47 must infiltrate the White House and eliminate President Bruce Wayne: Who would come out on top?
Who is the strongest character in Wheel of Time that Geralt of Rivia could defeat in single combat?
Who would win this duel: Superboy Prime vs Naruto?
Who'd win, Zohan vs Thor?
What would happen in a fight between Batman in his prime, with prep time, against Deathstroke in his prime?
Who wins, Spider Man or Batman?
How can a bo staff match a katana in a fight without being cut into pieces?
Who would win out of A Navy Seal, Wolf , Boba Fett and a War Loader enter a Wal-Mart, and why?
If all the races of the elder scrolls went to war who would win?
You run a gauntlet . Also explain how you go through the rounds Who would win?
Who would win, Super Saiyan White Omni-God Goku's Dragon Fist or Saitama's Big Bang Punch?
Man gets the power to summon infinite bears. Strongest he can beat?
Who is the most skilled swordsman Syrio Forel could defeat?
Who would win in a battle between Loki and Enchantress?
An Ostrich vs a Giraffe
Hypothetically speaking, who would win in a fight to death between Goldberg and Bruce Lee?
Asura Vs. Kratos. Both in a fight AND just as well written/likable characters.
who will win ?
Who would claim victory out of A massive boulder of pure gold is discovered by divers in the Arabian Sea, directly between India and Oman, and why?
If the Borg went against the Cylons, who wins, how and why?
Who would win, MCU’s the Defenders or DCEU’s Suicide Squad?
Who'd win, Darkseid vs. Thanos. Let's end this debate?
Superman v. Spider-man
Hulk gets as angry as he can, Flash accelerates as fast as he can, both of them punch a wall. Who hits harder?
How do you manage fights between your wife and mom?
Who would win, Doomguy vs. Gordon Freeman?
Who would win a battle between a psychopath and robbers?
Who would win, Amanda and the dancing lobsters vs Samurai jack?
Who'd win, Composite Adam Sandler vs 3 Grizzly Bears?
How many lions would be necessary to destroy the Sun?
Who would win in a fight, Tien or Saitama?
Who would win, Conor McGregor vs Floyd Mayweather?
Who would win, Super Smash Brothers Ultimate The Complete Roster of fighters VS Marvel vs. Capcom Complete Roster of Fighters VS PLAYSTATION ALL-STARS BATTLE ROYALE Complete Roster of Fighters?
Saitama or a character of your choice runs a Toriko gauntlet: Who would be the champion?
In wild equine herds, how often does a battle between stallions end in death to one of the combatants?
Each modern day country sends a team of its current and historical leaders to a quizbowl tournament. Which would win?
Who would come out on top out of Mario VS Luigi...but, and why?
Will World War 3 happen if all countries start claiming their neighbor’s land like China?
Who'd win, Sora, Riku, Kairi and Mickey vs. Naruto, Sasuke, Sakura and Kakashi?
Who would win in a fight between Mewtwo and Godzilla?
Who is winning the cyber warfare between India and Pakistan?
Who would win in a fistfight between Hitler and Trump?
Who would be the victor out of Silver Surfer vs Superman, and why?
Who would win? A giant squid or a humpback whale?
Who would win in an all out war? The Galactic Empire or the Empire of the Rising Sun?
Why did the Sultan of Morocco open a full-scale war against Songhai?
How would a war without war crimes and full respect of war conventions from all sides look like?
Who would win in a fight, Ichigo or Danny Phantom?
Who would be the champion out of The Chigaco Bulls led by an actual bull vs the LA Rams led by an actual ram, and why?
Do you play wrestling with your partner? Who usually wins?
Who would win a fight between Ronnie Coleman and Conor McGregor?
Everyone that plays Word of Warcraft vs. North korea: Who would win?
100 Navy Seals defend Helm's Deep against the army of Uruk Hai.
Who'd win, Appule vs Madara Uchiha?
Who would be the winner out of A Jurassic Park Velociraptor vs a Bengal Tiger, and why?
Who would win the fight / battle between Sauron and Thanos?
Who would come out on top out of 100 zombie vs 10 JP velociraptor, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Zeus, king of the gods and sky, Poseidon, god of the sea, or Hades, god of the underworld?
Who would win this brawl: Jesus with the mind of Batman vs Deadpool with the mind of Captain America?
Who would win, Mr. Satan vs. King?
Auto Racing: Who do you think should win this year's Formula 1, Lewis Hamilton or Nico Rosberg? Why?
Who'd win, African Elephant VS a Hippopotamus?
Who would win in a battle between Ram and Krishna?
What does the coming world war look like, and what are its causes and effects?
10 citizens are selected at random from each country on Earth. Which nation would win in a fight to the death battle?
Who would win in a four-way fight between Rose Tyler, Martha Jones, Donna Noble, and Amy Pond?
What would happen in Padang declared a war with Medan in Indonesia?
Who would win in a battle to the death: Stalin or Putin?
Who wins in a fight between Captain Atom and Atom Smasher?
Who would win in a fight between Jason of Friday the 13th and DC’s Bane?
If the weakest nation today fought the strongest nation from 1,000 years ago in a war, who would win?
Who would win in an all out war between bed bugs and head lice?
Infinity War face-off: the snapped vs. the un-snapped: Who would be the winner?
Why did the Allies think it was necessary to involve the US in the First World War? Why weren't they committed to maintaining a purely Old World war? Why didn't they want to finish the war themselves?
Who would win this brawl: Rider vs. Gilgamesh?
Who would win, Anakin Skywalker or Mace Windu?
Who would win, Hippo vs Elephant?
How much damage does Guy's Evening Elephant do to Luffy?
How far through this ladder can Hafthor Bjornsson get as the new Batman?
Who would win, Michael or the Presence?
Who'd win, Master Oogway vs Ash's Torterra?
Barack Obama V.S. George Washington
Who will win a race between the Flash and Savitar?
Who would win in an intellectual showdown between Neil Degrasse Tyson and Michio Kaku?
Who would win in a battle between Cedric Diggory and Edward Cullen?
The Fairly-Official December Banner Fight
Give one Historical army/nation modern equipment and training, who is the most effective fighting force?
Who'd win, Bear vs. Lion?
Would Pence want to take over the Presidential race if asked, and could he improve the GOP chances at winning the White House?
The entire cast of Shark Tank erupts in a brawl on set. Who would win?
The 16 Colossi from Shadow of the Colossus
Class S Threat vs. B-Class Hero: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Captain Universe and Sailor Cosmos?
Who'd win, Talion vs Aragorn?
If all the developing countries in the world fought a war against each other, which country would win?
How can Goku defeat Tatsuya in a fight?
Star Fox is hired to blow up the Death Star
The UK Houses of Parliament erupt into chaos. Who comes out on top?
If humans can win a one-on-one against dogs, what kinds of dogs can't we win against?
Who would win in a hypothetical fight to the death without any weapons between Bear Grylls and Tarzan?
Can The Avengers beat The Justice League in a fight?
Sam and Dean Winchester VS Blade in a vampire hunting contest: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Adon vs Joe?
If carnivorous dinosaurs just appeared, would we be able to completely eradicate them?
Who would win if all the special Armed Forces fought each other?
Who would win, Medaka Kurokami vs. Saitama vs. Alucard?
Who'd win, The Burger King vs The Colonel Vs The Cows Vs Ronald McDonald Vs Jack?
What if Saitama punched Martian Manhunter?
How well could Britain defend itself if it went to war with Russia right now?
Yourself on Acid vs. A Swarm of Killer Ants?
Who would win if Nightwing fought Black Widow?
Who would win in a fight, Garnet or Venom?
Who would win, Avatar Korra vs Crocodile?
Who would win this combat: Batman now has Spider-Man’s enemies and vice versa. Can they handle ALL of each other’s daily threats?
Brock Lesnar finds himself face to face with a Velociraptor in the ring. Can he find the strength within himself to win another title?
All Kangaroos left in the world grow to 20.ft tall and spawn on US soil. Can we survive?
If Canada or Mexico went to war with the US who would win?
Who would win a hypothetical fight between Disney's Bambi and DC's Doomsday?
Assuming the hypothetical prospect of World War 3, whom do you think would start the war?
In a simple 1 v 1 fight where both characters are serious, how strong would Elizabeth be?
Who would be the superior president? Batman vs Mr. Fantastic
Who would win this match: 160kg male gorilla VS 5500kg male elephant?
Who'd win, Worldbreaker Hulk vs 100 phase 3 dark troopers, 90 phase 2 dark troopers, and 2000 phase 1 dark troopers, and over 20,000 stormtroopes with seven of AT-AT's backing them up?
Who would win in a fight, a full-grown lion or 30 full-grown ostriches?
What is the impact of an HIV/AIDS epidemic among young Russian men?
Who'd win, Jesus Christ vs. Mohammed?
Is head butting someone in a fight ever a good idea outside of TV?
How do I win a 1,000 m race if I have a flu right before the competition?
Who would win a fight between Morgan with his stick and Negan with Lucille?
TEAL OR ORANGE: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Can these guys beat Birdo?
How would my characters fare in a fight?
In a war between Japan and China, who would win this time?
Who would be victorious out of Hobgoblin vs Aang, and why?
Who would win this war: Black Panther vs. Batman in hand-to-hand combat?
Who would claim victory out of Justice League versus X-Men, and why?
Who would win in a wrestling match between a Khabib and Ben Askren at 170 lbs?
Who would win in a fight, SO6P Hashirama or SO6P Madara?
Who'd win, greek mythology vs narutoverse?
Who would win a WWI which breaks out in the late 1920s with Germany, Britain, Austria, the Ottomans, & Japan on one side vs. France, Russia, & Italy?
Dr. Octupus with the mind of an octopus vs. an octopus with the mind of Dr. Octopus: Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between 50 SWAT team members and 50 WW2-era US soldiers?
In episode 4 of Luck, why did the horse's nose bleed after winning the big race?
If Grindelwald has all three Deathly Hallows, and Voldemort has all of his Horcruxes hidden. Who shall win in a battle between Grindelwald and Voldemort?
Who would win: a Roman legionnaire or a samurai? Why?
Who would win this match: Aquaman wielding Sharknado vs. Storm wielding "raining cats and dogs"?
Who would win a fight between DC's Superman and Marvel's Sentry?
Who would win this duel: Iroh vs Oogway?
Who'd win, Scar versus Shere Khan?
From a game last night: A stone demon on a war elephant vs. a poltergeist that can shoot bees out of its mouth vs. Willy Wonka that walk through walls vs. Helen Keller with a tinfoil hat.
Who would win this punch-up: Black Panther vs Bowser?
Garou is dropped into the Naruto universe, how far can he get?
Who would win, Agent 47 vs Payday Gang?
Who would win, Whitebeard vs Third Raikage?
Who is the strongest comic character Baldur could defeat in a random encounter?
Who'd win, Thunder God Cid vs several Marvel characters ?
Who'd win, Tralfagar Law vs. Sasuke Uchiha?
Did any human or demigod managed to beat a god in a fight or some match in ancient Greek mythology?
Who'd win, a Greek Spartan vs a Navy SEAL?
Who would win, Ultra Instinct average human vs Professional fighter?
Who'd win, Darksied vs Unbound Ghost Rider?
Who would win in a war between Vietnam and Laos?
Could the Ouran High School Host Club seduce Kirino to stop her from fucking her own brother?
Who would win, Sonic or Knuckles?
Whale vs. Giant Squid: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the champion out of Whis vs Hulk, and why?
Who would win this war: Batman vs T REX?
Who would win in a fight between Batman, Moon Knight, the Punisher, and the Shadow?
Who would win the total war between China and Muslim world?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Vader or Toad from Super Mario?
Who would win, Arnold Schwarzenegger in his prime vs a zebra?
Given a level battlefield and the same number of men and weapons, who do you feel would win the day between Genghis Khan and Attila the Hun? Why?
Who would win this battle: Kai vs The Hulk?
Mike Tyson vs Male Silverback Gorilla: Who would be the winner?
I want to become a combat pilot in the German Luftwaffe. How do I choose between flying a Helicopter or a Jet?
Who would win this match: Quake & Ghost Rider vs Avengers?
Space Marine Vs Spartan Mk.3 Vs Brotherhood of Steel Paladin Vs Militech Commando: Who would win?
Will we get thrown into WW3 between Russia and the US?
Mike Haggar vs "Sleepy" John Estes: Who would come out on top?
If there is fighting between JF17 and Tejas, who will win?
Who would win in a battle to the death between cosmic armored Superman, Dark Phenix, and Dr. Manhattan?
Why do alien invasion books or movies depict humanity winning when the opposite would actually be true? Are there any books or movies that depicted an alien invasion with a realistic outcome of a alien victory instead of a human victory?
You with Shadow Clones and Rasengan vs Silverback Gorilla Who would win?
Who'd win, Chester Cheetah vs. Tony the Tiger?
Who would win in a fight between Marvel's Angel and DC's Hawkman?
Every assassinated president fights each other with the weapon they were assassinated with.
Have you ever been in a fight? What was it like?
Who would win if Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi got into a fist fight?
How many NAVY SEALs would it take to fight Batman?
Who would win this match: Bucky O'Hare Vs Fox McCloud?
Arnold Schwarzenegger has been sworn in as President of the US. Agent 47 has a contract to kill him. Little does he know, the new POTUS is actually a T-800 model Terminator...
Who would have the edge out of A dog-sized gorilla vs. a gorilla-sized dog, and why?
Could Naruto and Sasuke seal Juha Bach?
Who would win, Urashiki Otsutsuki vs Gaara, Sasuke, Mizukage, Gaara and Boruto?
Who would win, Wizards vs Muggles Revisited?
Who would win this punch-up: Dark Link vs Dark Pit?
Have there been studies with veterans that investigated the relation between the risks/severity of clinical depression and the degree of injury or threat experienced during combat?
At what point in the series could Aang beat Uncle Iroh in a fight without using the Avatar state.
Who would win, Ryu vs Son Goku?
Who would win in a fight, a U.S. Marine or an Army Ranger?
Lion vs. Tiger: Who would come out on top?
How many humans could the world's three last northern white rhinos take in a deathmatch?
If war broke out between all religions of the world, which religion or set of religions will win/survive?
How can India successfully fight a two front war with Pakistan & China?
Blood-lusted Barack Obama go after Batman
Would Thor with Stormbreaker be able to defeat Hela in battle?
What is a battle gauntlet?
Who will win war between Arjun and Indrajeet?
Who'd win, Guts vs Inuyasha?
Who would win, Crocodile vs Gaara?
Which video game character gets the largest power boost if they can apply their game mechanics to all fights?
Who would win this brawl: Floyd Mayweather vs. Lebron James in a boxing match?
Who'd win, MCU Avengers with Odin's balls vs Thanos?
All 45 US Presidents vs each other in an elimination cage-fighting tournament.
Who would win, Kefla vs Kale?
When was Nazi Germany the closest to victory?
All 805 Pokémon VS 10 billion lions
Who would win, Geralt vs. Bigsby Wolf?
Who'd win, Dabura vs. Wonder Woman?
Who would be the winner out of Franco-Prussian war, except the French have Spread guns and the Prussians have guns that fire bullets in a wave pattern, and why?
Superman vs Goku in a twerking contest: Who would win?
Who would win this match: Team RWBY VS Finn the human and Jake the dog?
Who wins in a battle to the death, a trillion Smurfs versus 6 billion humans?
Who would win in a fight between Diablo and Balrog?
Who would win, Solomon Grundy/Cyrus Gold from Gotham TV show vs Cyrus Gold from Arrow TV show?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and the Silver Surfer?
Who would win in a fight between Static Shock and Black Lighting?
Would Britain have lost the World Wars without Indian soldiers?
Who will win the space race between Spacex, Blue Origin and ISRO?
Who would win a fight between a Dhampir and a Nephilim?
Who would win, Major Kusanagi Vs Robocop?
Who would win in a fight between Tyrion Lannister and Podrick Payne?
Who would win, 5 modern US marines or 50 medieval knights?
In a fight between Julius Caesar vs Sun Tzu, who would win?
What if the Union had six Panzer IIIs in the First Battle of Bull Run?
Who'd win, Batman decides that punching poor people in the dark isn't the best way to fight crime, and focuses on using his wealth, connections, and intellect to combat the root causes of crime in Gotham City. Can he make Gotham the safest city on Earth in one year?
Who would win in a fight between Anakin Skywalker and Shiro?
Would I become a superhero if...
Who would be the best mover?
who would win silver back gorilla vs white rhino?
Who would win if Genghis Khan fought the USA today?
Kamen Rider Kuuga Says He Wants To "Protect People's Smiles". But Can He Protect The Smiles Of The Anime Girls With The Saddest/Most Horrific Deaths/Fates?
Who would win this war: Walt Kowalski versus Season 4 Walter White versus Walter Mitty versus Walter Mondale?
Black Panther vs. Darth Vader to the death: Who would be the champion?
How would a battle between Thanos with the Gauntlet vs the Four Horseman from Darksiders?
Who would win in a battle between a wild boar and a gorilla?
If you stop racing, you win the race. What does it mean?
ALL the fictional Doctors VS ALL the fictional Ninjas VS ALL the fictional Pirates VS ALL the fictional Vampires VS ALL the Highschool Girls: The Clash of Archetypes
Who would claim victory out of Kratos vs. Sasuke Uchiha, and why?
Who would win in an all-out engagement: the Russian Navy or the Royal Navy?
Who would win in a fight with everything they have except for weapons and gadgets: Deadpool or Deathstroke?
It's the year 2000 BC, all animals suddenly gain human intelligence. Who's dominating the planet in the year 2015?
Who'd win, Billy Mays vs. Dragonborn in a shouting contest?
Gandalf no longer holds back from using his powers. How to the evening of the films change?
Who would win, Deadpool or the Hulk?
Doctor Strange VS Ahriman: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Seal Team Six VS Batman?
Who would win between KM Bismark and USS Alaska?
Who would win this war: Bull wooly mammoth vs. Stegosaurus fight to the death. GO?
Hulk vs. The Dinosaurs: Who would be victorious?
An army of Grizzly Bears runs into an army of Black Rhinos on neutral ground. Who wins?
I agree that the T-rex would win, but now can we do T-rex versus Allosaurus?
Who would win, Katana vs. H-Bomb?
It's the battle of Gettysburg. At the end of the first day, 2000 of the confederates are replaced with historical reenactors. Does the union still win?
Who would be the champion out of Samuel L Jackson vs Gordon Ramsay, and why?
Who would win in a battle of Mistress Death versus Galactus?
Which Pokemon would do the best on regular Earth?
Who would win in a fight: A chimpanzee vs a wild boar
Hulk vs Wonder Woman: Who would win?
Smokey Bear vs McGruff the Crime Dog: Who would be the victor?
A Human is given the strength of a gorilla what's the strongest animal he could beat?
When Dr.Strange said he foreseen the future of the coming conflict on Titan where they’re gonna win in one instance out of 14,000,605 probabilities, is he referring to that fight on Titan alone or also with the events in the Avengers 4?
Who would win in a fight between Marvel and Star Wars?
Who'd win in a fight, Feitan or Hisoka?
The Who Would Win supreme six at a game of Smash Bros.
Who'd win, Indominus Rex vs Your ideal dinosaur?
Your favorite fictional god takes Thor's place in the GODBOMB arc
Who would win in a one-on-one fight in a battle between the Marvel and Dragon Ball universes?
Post Infinity War Avengers versus The Six Paths of Pain: Who would win?
Let’s say we put an Elite versus the Predator, in three environments, a jungle, a city, and an arena. Who would win the most?
Who would win, Ultra Instinct Shaggy vs God of Destruction Scooby Doo?
If USA and Britain fought a war in 1939 without allied aid, who would win?
Which animal would win in a fight underwater, a great white shark or a polar bear?
Fox's Quicksilver vs. Arrowverse Flash: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in the fight of Obama vs Trump, and how much would you pay to watch it?
Can you and Wonder Woman return the ring to Mordor???
Who would win in a fight between The Flash and Electro?
Who would win in a fight, One Sentry vs 1000 Superman?
Who would win in a fight 5 bears vs 1 elephant?
Ringo Starr must defend an Octopus' garden against Paul in his yellow submarine.
Who would win in a battle between a mobility-killed M1A2 Abrams tank and 4 T 72 tanks?
Who is the most powerful character that can be bested with pocket sand?
Star Wars, Star Trek, Mass Effect, Halo
Who would win this combat: The Hun Army from "Mulan" vs The Ant Army from "Antz"?
Who would win in a fight, Emperor Joker or Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet?
Rounding out the superzoo crew, how powerful could a wolf be using power from mythology and religion?
shadow the hedgehog vs savitar
Who'd win, Saiyan Saga Vegeta vs the Chimera Ant King?
If Germany and the United Kingdom get in a war, who would win?
Who would win a battle between MCU Hulk and MonsterVerse Kong?
If Magneto were truly the master of electromagnetism and Graviton is the master of gravity, who would win in a fight?
Big Boss is sent to single-handedly take down North Korea.
A 4chan user has 30 seconds to get doubles in order to disarm a bomb. Can he do it in time?
Who'd win, Lion-o ThunderKat vs Spock in a Pan Farr battle to mate with Cheetara?
Who would win a fight between the One Above All and Alien X?
Your favorite character vs the Raildex World
In a fight between Russia's Spetsnaz and Delta Force, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between the Atom and Iron Man?
Who would win this combat: President Lincoln vs. John Wilkes Booth?
What is the difference between a US Air Force Air Liaison officer and a US Air Force combat controller?
Who would win in an all-out fight between CW's Arrow and MCU's Hawkeye?
Who would win the battle between Guardians of the Galaxy and The Avengers, in MCU?
Which historical leader could beat Teddy Roosevelt?
Who would win between Yoda and Darth Vader?
Who wins in a death match between a gorilla and a honey badger?
Will World War III be the last war of Kali Yuga?
Who'd win in a fight, Green Lantern or Spider-Man?
Does anyone want WW3 to happen?
Who would win, Superman or sundipped Superman?
Who is the weakest character who could 10/10 every real-world professional fighter?
Who would win in a battle between 1,000 Mayans and 1,000 Aztecs deep in the jungle?
How would a Russo-Canadian war go down with no nukes and no allies?
What are the actual scenarios of fight between two Bollywood Actresses?
Who'd win, Kronosaurus vs. Killer Whale?
Who would win this brawl: Skeletons vs ghosts?
Who would win this war: Goku vs. a gauntlet of One Punch Man martial artists?
How do you call a winning horse in a race? Is there any slang available?
Who would win in a fight between a Sumatran Tiger and an African Leopard?
Who would win in a war , Deathstroke vs Batman?
Who'd win, Magneto vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win, current Naruto or Sasuke?
What would happen in a fight between Anakin VS Sandman?
Who would win in a fight, Michael Vey VS Black Lightning?
Bayonetta vs. Deadpool: Who would come out on top?
Imagine you are a letter travelling through time. What would you like to tell your readers?
Who would win an annihilation match between 20 elite Spetsnaz armed with crossbows and knives and 10 Iraqi soldiers armed with Beretta M9A1s?
Who would win, Frustrated Hulk vs Frost?
What would happen if your country and its' neighbours went to war?
Who would win this match: A Bear Vs A Walrus, But the Walrus is made of cheese, And the bear is made of mayonnaise?
Blind Spider-Man vs blind Captain America vs blind Iron Fist vs blind Black Panther vs blind Luke Cage vs blind Nightcrawler vs blind Black Widow
Animal Ladder
Who would win, Murder Machine or Iron Man, Falcon, or War Machine?
Who'd win, Bugs Bunny vs Squirrel Girl?
Suppose someone well-trained in the martial arts fought a well-trained knight from the 15th century. Who would win and why?
GoW except Kratos & Atreus are replaced with Rick & Morty
Who would win in a fight, Sam Fisher or Jack Reacher?
Who would win in a fight, Superboy or Juggernaut?
What is the probability of winning a DV lottery while applying from the Middle East , does USCS release past statistics of invites versus applied?
Who would win, A random scrub from the Suggverse vs A full power Galactus?
Doomsday v.s. Goku & Vegeta
Who would win in a fight between Captain America and the Kingpin?
Zostel: Who will win the fight between OYO or ZO Rooms?
The Blind Eternities open on our front door. Can Earth's Mightiest Heroes save our plane?
Clark Kent now works at Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. How long does it take before Michael Scott realizes he's Superman?
What's the most one-sided battle you've seen someone try to argue?
Who would win a fight between Robbie Lawler and Anderson Silva?
The Lord of the Rings : If Superman fought with Gandalf, who would win?
How many Emperor Penguins would it take to kill an ostrich?
Can we stop with the downvotes?
Sci-Fi Cannon Fodder Battle Royale
Saw this aerial photo on /r/pics of hippos & crocodiles, who would win
What will happen if Superman had sex with Lois? Can she survive the wrath of Superman?
How do you beat someone in a fight?
In a future peer on peer war, how big a role would civilian contractors play?
How did everyone in the world fight in WW3?
Who would be the champion out of Saitama finds the Power Gem and uses it in battle, and why?
Who would win the duel if Severus Snape and Voldemort fight with ordinary wands?
Who would win in a fight between He-Man and Batman?
Colony of Japanese giant hornets vs colony of army ants: Who would be the winner?
Who can beat the five gods of smash?
Participation Trophy for April 2018 Week 4
Robin The Tactician Vs. Corrin: Who would be victorious?
Who would be the champion out of Indiana Jones vs Crocodile Dundee, and why?
Who would win, Captain America/Wolverine/Black Panther VS Batman/Nightwing/Deathstroke?
Off Topic Television and Movie Discussion for 2/27/15
Why does it seem like there's a fight between Robert Marawa and Andy Townsend in terms of who should lead the panel?
Who'd win, Tiger Shark vs. Aquaman?
Mewtwo vs. Shadow the Hedgehog: Who would win?
What country would win in a war between modern day North Korea and the WW2 era USA?
Could the Predator take out every Dinosaur in Jurassic Park? If so, how long would it take him?
Doom is Dead, Long Live Doom
The three Kung Fu Panda villians in a free for all
Who is the most powerful superhero that Gru, Megamind and Syndrome could defeat if they teamed up?
Who would win out of A fusion of all Hajime no Ippo boxers at their primes vs Garnet, and why?
Tom Haverford vs Shark Tank: Who would be the victor?
can Waluigi defeat the entire smash roster
You are sent back in time and told to use your knowledge of engineering, history, science etc to change the past. Who would win?
Who'd win, A Navy SEAL vs. 12 fat highschool nerds?
Can two Kangaroos take on a Grizzly Bear?
Who would be the champion out of Anakin with a baseball bat vs Obi-Wan with a golf club, and why?
Election by combat
How many clones of Numbuh 13 would you need to defeat batman in a fight?
Who'd win, Barack and Michelle Obama vs. Vladimir Putin and Lyudmila Putina?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Hulkbuster vs War Machine, and why?
Who would claim victory out of Ghost Rider Vs. The Juggernaut, and why?
Who would win, Palm Siberia or "Squadron Leader" Leol?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Super Commando Dhruva?
Who would win in a war between Iraq and Egypt?
Who would win, Imperial Guard vs UNSC | Urban Combat | No Hero Units | Standard Units Only?
King vs Mr Satan
Who would win in a fight between Thanos, Odín and Dr Manhattan?
What if the carribean went to war?
I have to know! Who would win in a fight, Shaq or The Rock?
Next year, the KPA/North Korea unveils fully functioning Jaegers
Why is there lots of fights between a couple?
Who would win in a bar fight: Napoleon, Alexander the Great, or Genghis Khan?
Who would win, The Man Your Man Could Smell Like vs. The Most Interesting Man in the World?
Who would win this battle: North Korea feats Kim Jong Un versus Internet feats Chuck Norris?
Who'd win, Genos vs Kratos?
Who's the strongest person Tony Stark can defeat in hand-to-hand combat without any armour or weapons?
Who would win out of Commander Shepard has two new squadmates: Master Chief and Doomguy. What is the strongest enemy they can beat, and why?
Who would win, Bergamo or SSJ Blue Goku?
We know that medieval crossbows lose to muskets, but can muskets best modern crossbows?
Who's the strongest vampire Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter can beat?
Who is the strongest superhero/villain that the Master Chief could defeat?
Who would win in a fight: Elendil or Captain America?
Who would win between Spawn plus a Chinese Division or The Punisher and Batman?
Who would win in a fight between Glaurung and Durin’s Bane?
Who would claim victory out of North Korea vs Wonka, and why?
Who would win this brawl: Bruce Wayne, Tony Stark and Lex Luthor run for President of the USA?
Your team vs. the Straw Hat Pirates Davy Back Fight
What does "nuclear World War III" mean?
Who Would Win in a fight between Shelob and a Xenomorph
Who would win in a fight: a experienced martial artist, or an average human male in Roman Legionary gear?
Does Ghost Rider's powers have any effect on Lobo?
Which water type pokemon could beat aquaman?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of A man who hasn't had any liquid for a day vs a man who hasn't slept for five days vs a man who hasn't eaten for a week vs a man who's been chained to a wall for a year, and why?
Uncanny X-force
How many little people do you think you could take on at once in a fight?
Who would win, Casey Jones vs Indiana Jones?
In the event that Pakistan is invaded by another power, would China intervene?
If the Soviets and the West went to war in 1945 right after WW2, who would win? How and why?
Who would win, Pinky and The Brain vs. The Trailer Park Boys vs. Jim Lehey?
Black Cat vs Bayleef: Who would have the best chance of winning?
In a war between Armenia and Uruguay, who would win?
Who would win, Great White Shark Vs Hippo?
WhoWouldWin Madness III, The Madness Returns
If Welcome to Night Vale's mighty Glow Cloud and Futurama's Hypno-Toad battled to control the minds of all humans, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Korra or Percy Jackson?
A whale that can summon slightly smaller whales vs a monkey with poisonous venom: Who would win?
Who would win, the 501st vs all of Overwatch?
Who would win, MUI Goku or Cosmic Armor Superman?
The newly elected French President Macron has somehow managed to convince France into declaring war against Germany for revenge for World War 2. Who would win?
Who'd win, Spawn VS Ghost Rider?
Who would win, Elite Ultras versus Arc Troopers?
Can 10,000 bloodlusted animals defeat ISIS?
Do you think that World War 3 is about to start? If yes, when do you expect it to happen? How will it start? Which country will do the first move? How will it end?
Blade the Vampire Hunter vs Deadpool
What if Latin America, Sweden, Italy, Netherlands and Spain had entered the First World War on the side of the Central Powers?
Who would win, Sterling Archer and Oberyn Martell switch places. How well does Agent Oberyn and Lord Archer do in their new worlds?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and the Night King?
Who would win this combat: One million turkeys vs one T-Rex?
Who'd win, A guy who only deadlifts vs. A guy who only bench presses vs. A guy who only squats?
Who would win out of Ghost vs. Space Marine, and why?
What should India do if all the countries declare war against it?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of North Korea & 1 million Clone Troopers vs the United Nations, and why?
Who would win, Botamo or Goku God?
How many marines would it take to 100% "Super Mario 64"?
Who would win a fight between Rocky Balboa and Muhammad Ali?
Itachi Uchiha vs. Raditz: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight between a grey wolf, lets say a big one like 180 lbs, vs. a black bear, say maybe 220 lbs? Does the wolf even have a chance, and what if it was the world record holding wolf?
A regular man with a few guns takes on the Diablo Universe.
What was the coolest military unit of all time?
Who would win, 100 U.S. Navy SEALs vs. Julius Caesar's entire army at the height of his empire?
Who would win a battle between a Call of Duty playable character and a Battlefield playable?
UFC Heavyweight of your choice runs the animal gauntlet.
Who would win in a fight between Scarlet Witch and Enchantress?
Who will win a fight between Ned and Robert?
Who would win in a fight between Loki and Thor vs Odin?
Who would win in a fight between Smaug and Balerion the Black Dread?
Which DC Superhero Best understands the nature of reality?
Who would win in a fight between Bella from Twilight and Arya Svit-Kona from the Inheritance Cycle?
Who would win, Goku VS. Saitama?
Who would win in a fight between The Flash and Thor?
US special forces vs the dinosaurs of Jurassic Park
Who would win, Android 18 vs Pan?
If every animal/insect had the smarts of a human, who would take over our position as the dominant species?
Who would be victorious out of 100 Marines Vs 100 bears with Kevlar vests, and why?
Who would win, Vger vs Khan vs Klingons vs The Whale Probe vs "God" vs More Klingons with a Bird of Prey that can fire while cloaked?
Who would win this duel: Cat vs Dog,but with a twist ?
If Russia and the United States got into a war, what are 3 possible outcomes that could happen?
A normal man in his prime has a lightsaber and is forced to fight a skilled combatant but he only has a knife. Who would win and why?
Who would win in a fight between Ginny Weasley and Clary Fray?
You with 5 Superpowers vs. A Speedsters Gauntlet Who would win?
Who'd win, The Flash with a switch blade vs The entire human population of Earth?
Who will win a war between Russia and Turkey if NATO and other military allies intervened? And why?
Your favorite version of Batman is dropped into the Star Wars Universe at the beginning the Clone Wars. Can he make a difference?
Who would win in a fight, Snoke or Grandmaster Yoda?
Who'd win, Cell vs The God Emperor of Mankind?
Who'd win, Lord Ruler Vs ladder of metal users?
Who would win, Gator vs Great white shark?
Smash Off! Melee Fox vs Brawl Meta Knight vs Wii U Bayonetta: Who would be the victor?
Who would win this duel: One Punch-man verse vs Bleach verse, which would come out on top?
Who would win a fight between dexter and Walter White?
Who would win, Thanos vs Sentry?
Your favourite television character gets 100,000 clones of themselves. Strongest setting they can defeat?
Who would win, Captain Atom vs Powergirl?
Instead of doing a naval invasion of Japan or nuking it, could the US have performed a massive airborne operation on Tokyo to force a surrender?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 5/22/2016
Who'd win, Crimson Typhoon vs Cherno Alpha , in a bare-knuckle boxing match?
Who would win a triple threat battle between Superman, Thor and Hanuman?
Hypothetically, if the United Kingdom had allied with the Confederate Army & sent troops to fight, would the South have won the American Civil War?
Which one would win in a fight between a cheetah and a tiger? Why?
Who would win, Kid Buu vs Goku Black?
Who would win in a three-way battle between Napoleon Bonaparte, Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great? Why?
Upcoming Justice League vs Upcoming Suicide Squqd
If you would put a white shark and an alligator in a basin, would they attack each other, and more importantly, who would win? Has this ever been tested before?
Who'd win, 2 hippos vs 8 grizzly bears?
Who'd win, Saitama vs aokiji, akainu, smoker, enel, ace, sabo, crocodile?
Who wins the war between Austria, Hungary, and Serbia?
Goku VS Superman: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs Iron Man?
Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny Gauntlet
Without any external interference, who’d win in a battle between Saudi Arabia and Iran, and why?
How can the DC Universe win the Tournament of Power?
Featuring Malkuth!
Who would be the champion out of God emperor of mankind vs GOD EMPEROR DOOM, and why?
What would have happened if the Whites won the Russian Civil War?
Who would be the victor out of Mighty Mouse vs. Smaug, and why?
Which countries can defend themselves from the USA in a non-nuclear war?
Who would win, Kakuzu vs Pain?
Who would win in a naval battle between Liechtenstein and Vatican?
What's the strongest opponent my dog could have defeated in his prime?
You gain the ability to stop time. Who is the strongest character you can beat with this power? Who would win?
Who would win, Kilowog vs Guy Gardner?
Who would win this battle: Captain America vs. A hippopotamus?
Could Batman successfully make an argument for Superman beating Batman-with-prep on Who Would Win?
Who would win in a mortal combat - a policeman or a soldier?
Would the Nod Chem Trooper in C&C be possible to create in real life, and would it be effective?
Who'd win, Banner, Bruce Wayne, Reed Richards, Tony Stark, and You vs. COD Nazi Zombies?
Who would win this punch-up: Bakugo Katsuki vs. Shouto Todoroki?
Who will win when a hand-to-hand combat that takes place between Phil Heath & Conor McGregor?
Who would win this brawl: Korg vs 3 vampires?
Who would win a fight between Thor and Batman?
Who will win in a cricket war between Mohammad Aamir and Virat Kohli?
If I wanted to attack India, how could I defeat the Indian Army?
Who would have the edge out of Doctor Doom vs Doctor Strange vs Doctor Light vs Doctor Mario vs The Doctor vs Doctor Octopus vs Doctor Manhattan, and why?
Galactus vs...
Do all horses who enter in a race win some money or only the one that comes in first?
If you discovered a way to reliably neutralize nuclear weapons, would you share it with the world or your country?
Some "rules" for the Doctor
Who would win in a naval battle between the WW2 Japanese Navy and the modern day Iranian Navy?
Who will win in a fight between Wolverine and Gorilla Grood?
How did Caesar defeat Pompey at Pharsalus, when Pompey had at least twice as many men? Was it because Caesar’s legions had more experience from Gaul and Spain?
What should I do if Russia nukes Finland? I am from Finland and I am scared.
Crimson King vs Shuma Gorath: Who would claim victory?
Who is the strongest character that The Captain can defeat?
Who would win a fight between Floyd Mayweather and Tyson Fury?
Who would win a war between India and Sri Lanka?
If all of most lethal land predators fought one-on-one, which would win?
Who would win the war if China, India, Russia, and their allies joined together in an alliance against the U.S and its allies? Why?
Who would win out of Lelouch Vi Britannia vs Light Yagami, and why?
Can a dire wolf take on a gorilla?
You vs. a tragedy-lusted Romeo and Juliet Who would win?
If the Roman empire and the Mongolian empire both existed simultaneously at their height, and they for whatever reason fought a war, who would win?
Who would win, ssj2 gohan vs adult gon?
What US state would be the best place to live if a war with North Korea broke out?
Who'd win, Scarlet Witch vs. ?
Who would win, Red Lotus vs. ATLA White Lotus Grandmasters?
1965 Bruce Lee vs. animals of increasing danger: Who would be the winner?
Human runs the animal gauntlet
Who Would Win? Batman vs A Doge-osaurus rex
Who would win in a fight, Cell or Mewtwo?
Marvel Draft Round One
Who would win in a battle to the death: Varok Saurfang or Darius Crowley?
The 17-0 1972 Dolphins vs The 0-16 2008 Lions: Who would claim victory?
Who is the strongest super human / alien / monster etc. that Tracer from Overwatch could defeat?
Who would win the football match between South Africa and Iran?
If World War 3 had to happen, what will be the reason for it? How will the war be carried out?
All superhero actors now gain the peers of the superheroes they played. Who can become the highest paid actor?
Who would win in a battle between the Rebel Alliance and the Human Alliance ?
Who would win in a fight, Green Lantern or Sailor Moon?
Who would win, A man with the speed as a coursing river, all the force of a great typhoon, with all the strength of a raging fire, mysterious as the dark side of the moon vs your least favourite character?
Spartan vs Spartans: Who would be the winner?
Who'd win, TMNT vs Street Sharks vs Biker Mice vs Extreme DInosaurs?
Your favorite anime or cartoon character vs Mike Tyson in a boxing match.
Who would win in a war between Pakistan and Sri Lanka?
Who would win this combat: The Justice League in their greatest battle; the comfort of staying in bed VS the need to pee?
Who would win a fight between Khal Drogo and the Mountain, both at their peak levels of strength?
You with a unlimited ammo, food, and water vs The Walking Dead zombies. Who would win?
In a battle between Balerion and Drogon, who would win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Superman Vs. Current Yamcha, and why?
Who would win, Darth Vader vs Doomsday?
What rodents are able to defeat cats in a fight?
Who would win, A Reddit User Nerd Vs a Tumblr User Nerd?
Crawler and SCP-682: Monstrous, Adaptive Regenerators: Who would have the edge?
Who would win this punch-up: Roman Empire Vs Incan Empire?
Who would win this battle: 600ml bottle of petrol that never runs out VS 600ml bottle of water that never runs out?
Who would win in a fight between 1000 lampreys and a German WWII Panzerkampfwagen VI Tiger Ausf tank?
Battle of the Martial Artists!
Who would in a fight between Odin and Dormammu?
Who would win, OP's mom vs. a Blue whale?
Who would win in a combat between Thanos and Rajnikanth? Describe the fight sequence.
Did actual Ancient Greek sword fights look similar to the fight of Achilles and Hector in the movie "Troy"?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Batman?
What are the differences between a Ranger and a Marine? Training and in combat
Who would win, a silverback gorilla or a lion?
If you were tasked to destroy the U.S.S. Gerald R. Ford using only the Cold War Era Soviet military equipment, men, aircraft, and vehicles , how would you do it?
The Rogues vs the Sinister Seven: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this fight: FOX, DC, and Marvel's sharpshooters vs their dodgers?
What was the rationale before WW2 for prioritising battleships over carriers? Isn't is clear that a single carrier wing of 30+ launched far out of the range of a battleship will nullify the threat of its heavy weapons?
Who would win, Thor with Strombreaker or Hercules?
Who would win, Destroyer or Doomsday?
An Asian Black Bear versus a Grizzly Bear
Who will win the England FA Cup, Cardiff City versus Manchester City?
What would happen if the Soviets lost the civil war? How would this impact today?
Is there an animal who would win in a fight with a grizzly bear?
Who would win in a fight between a tiger and an Alaskan grizzly bear?
Who would win, Iceman vs Lasko Heater?
What's the strongest animal or character that a bear holding a shark could beat?
Is taekwondo useless in a fight?
Who would win, Ultimate Ultron vs Vision?
Who would be the winner out of Elephants vs. a Crowd of Unarmed Humans, and why?
MCU Cap gains the Ultra instinct ability how does this change the MCU
How many people does it take to defeat a 10 foot tall cat?
Who would win in a fight between the Night King and the Lich King?
You are dropped into the asdf universe, can you survive? Who would win?
Who would win in a firefight between a Russian Motor Rifle Division and a United States Marine Corps Ground Combat Element Battalion?
Featuring The Dark Masters
If the tenth doctor fought Batman who would win?
What images will change the way a person sees the world after viewing them?
Battle of Britain, but against Imperial Japan.
Who would win in an insult battle between Sergeant Gunnery Hartman and Gordon Ramsay?
Who would win this fight: Kitten vs lobster?
Benedict is sucked into the Tardis
Why did Americans drop the atomic bomb on the cities instead of just demonstrating power by dropping it on something unpopulated?
Who would win if all the Teletubbies fought Hunger Games-style?
Boxing: who would win in a fight, Mike Tyson or Wladimir Klitschko?
Who will win in a fight between Toothless vs Charizard?
Who would win, Atreus vs Aggressive Troll?
Does overwatch have any chance of taking down the cinematic version of the avengers?
Who is the absolute weakest character that could beat any real life human in unarmed combat.
In a fight between Sentry and Martian Manhunter, who would win?
Who would win this brawl: Elephant Vs. Gorilla?
If every country east of the earth fought everyone west of the earth who would win?
Who is the weakest character who could kill... er, destroy... Casper the Friendly Ghost?
Who'd win, A Hippo vs a Giraffe?
Who would win this war: Abrahamic God VS Batman?
Who would be victorious out of Wolf vs Qui Gon Jin, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Captain America vs Batman in a boxing match, with London Prize Ring Rules, and why?
Who would win in a direct war between India and China if no third country intervenes in any way?
Who would win, Chris-Chan vs Christian Grey?
Who'd win, A warhammer 40K collector vs. his Space Marine army come to life?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who are the top ten fighters in the GOT universe?
Who would win, SSJ5 Gogeta vs Diamond Frieza?
Who would win in a fight between The Thing and Alien’s Xenomorph?
Who would win this duel: EXPERIMENT: How long can an ant go without food and water before it resorts to cannibalism?
Who would win in a fight, Zoro or Batman?
Who would win - Predator X , Megalodon, Livyatan, Mosasaurus, Tusoteuthis, or Dunkleosteus?
Can dragons kill demons?
Who'd win, Roach vs. Ghost?
The national animals of the first world war go to war
In a fight between Master Chief and Darth Vader, who would win?
Who'd win, Tony Tony Chopper vs Dark Souls?
ANIMAL BATTLE ROYAL
Who would win this fight: Ghost Riders vs Dark Judges?
If North Korea attacks the US, how quickly will we know, and how will we find out? Where would they most quickly attack first?
Who'd win, Horse-sized ducks and duck-sized horses?
Who would win in a fight between Waterwraith Aquaman and Superman Prime?
Who would win this war: Harley Quinn vs. Marcelline the Vampire Queen?
Who will win in a fight between Naruto and Sasuke?
Who would win, Hisoka from Hunter x Hunter anime vs Midoriya from My Hero Academia anime?
How would the war in Iraq have been different if the United States had not disbanded the Iraqi Army?
Who would win in a fight, Ironman or Android 18?
Who would win this battle: Saitama vs. Goku?
Who'd win, Green Goblin vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win in a battle between Barry Allen and Magneto?
If WW3 happened, which country would suffer the most devastation?
Who would win this duel: Ant Man vs Skitter/Weaver?
Is Bayern Munich the favourite to win the first leg of the Champions League match versus Real Madrid in their home stadium?
If a wolf attacked a bobcat who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Spider-Man or Luke Cage?
Jurassic Park, but all raptors are now rappers.
What does it feel like to get in a fight with your PhD adviser?
Who would win in a fight among Deathstroke, Spiderman, Lady Deathstrike, Lord Deathstrike, Captain America, and Ra's al Ghul?
Who would possibly win a battle between Xenophilius Lovegood and Lucius Malfoy?
What would happen if an English Knight army fought an Irish Celtic army? Who would win?
Who would win, Spider-Man vs. Bat Family?
Will a small team driver ever win a NASCAR race not rained out?
Who would win between Thor and Ghost Rider?
If Australia declared war on New Zealand, who would win?
Could a WW2 destroyer/cruiser be equal to a modern day destroyer/cruiser in a one on one slugfest?
Who'd win, 30 year old Navy Seal vs 3 Pit bulls?
If there was a war between Reddit, Quora, 4Chan, and Tumblr, who would win? Would 4Chan just hack everyone?
After watching Infinity War, I think the US military has a decent chance at stopping Wakanda's Military.
Who would win out of Psycho Mantis vs. The Sinister Six, and why?
Who would win a non-armed fight: Obama or Kim Jong-un?
Every human in the Imperium of Man is now a Jedi. Can humanity reclaim the galaxy?
It is often noted that in winning the year 2000 presidential race, George Bush’s victory provided him with a weak case for legitimacy. Why?
How useful is a front kick in a fight?
Sauron has claimed the One Ring. As he marches against the Free Peoples of Middle Earth. However, a giant flash of lightning strikes in front of the Black Gate. Soon, a booming voice can be heard, shouting "Bring me Sauron!"
Who'd win, Jaegers vs Ancalagon?
Who would win out of PUBG vs Fortnite, trial by combat, and why?
Who would win, Kakuzu or Hidan?
Wonder Woman vs. The Silver Surfer: Who would be the champion?
Can a martial artist/boxer tell if a person is good at fighting just by looking at them?
Batman’s villains get replaced by Spider Man’s villains. How does he fare against them?
If a UFC fight was fought to the death with no rules, what are key new moves would combatants need to master to win?
Batman goes BONKERS! Who is able to take bats down?
Who would win, Obscurus vs Voldemort?
Scooby Doo vs Courage the Cowardly Dog: Who would be the winner?
Who is the strongest superhero/supervillain you can beat in a 1v1 fight?
What would the consequences for Europe be if Germany and France went to war again? Who would join either side?
Who would win: A bear with no teeth or claws vs You with bear teeth and bear claws
Who would win this match: Roflmoo vs Roflmoo?
Who would win this brawl: 4 Navy SEALs versus 10 Great White Sharks?
Who would win, The paramedic who lifted Mjolnir and casually gave it back to Thor vs. Bigfoot?
Can anyone suggest a good book on utopia for a humanities project? I want to model a society free of stereotypes.
Who would win this combat: Legolas vs. Infinite The Walking Dead Zombies?
Who would be the victor out of Jackie Chan vs. A bull.. in a china shop, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Queen and Led Zeppelin?
Who would win a T-20 match between India and KKR if ever played?
Who would win, Powers vs Magic vs Tech pt 2.5?
Which historical battle had the greatest technological disparity between the two sides?
From a military perspective, what were the best and worst tactics in Lord of the Rings?
Everything my dad ever said is now true, who can he beat?
What wars did Japan win?
Who would win sonic the hedgehog versus Kirby?
Who would win, Navy Seal operator with a shotgun and a jetpack vs Master Chief on?
Who would win, Chewbacca vs Groot?
Who would win in a fight, a lion & tiger or 10 wolves?
Could the Vashta Nerada take out Wolverine? How about a swarm of hungry piranhas?
Who would win in a fight between Doomsday, Solomon Grundy and the Hulk?
How do I win a can race?
Can the inverted Secret Society save the world from the inverted JLA?
Who would win a battle between 1 F-22 and 50 P-51 Mustangs?
An Orca Whale vs. A Great White Shark
Who would win in a fight Remy or Stuart Little ?
Who would win, Highfather vs Thanos?
Who would win in a fight to the death: Thor or Doomsday?
can Ghost Rider defeat Voldemort and the Death Eaters?
Who would win in a battle of wits between Odin and Yoda?
Who would win a fight between Firestorm and Metamorpho?
Who would win in a fight, Ben 10 or Aang?
Could Luke Cage trade blow with General Zod or a bloodlusted Superman in a straight boxing match?
What did Oracle Team USA do to their boats over the last eight races to beat Emirates Team New Zealand in the 34th America's Cup? How did team New Zealand lose eight races in a row?
In an alternate history scenario, if Israel fought with Turkey instead of Arabs in 1948, 1967 & 1973, who would win?
Rocket Raccoon *vs* Fox McCloud
How do you combat "Swipe between pages" in your website?
Which was the best fighter of WW2?
Who is the strongest character Domovoi Butler could beat in a fight?
Who would win in a fight, Optimus Prime or King Kong?
Fan art is now canon. Who is the previously weakest character that can now beat Silver Age Superman 6/10.
Who would win in a fight, Storm or Nami?
Who would win a war between Iran and Israel?
Who could effortlessly beat Superman Prime in a fight?
Can Monkey D. Luffy defeat Frieza from Dragon Ball Z/Super?
Who would win in a fight? Chuck Norris or Steven Seagal?
4chan, tumblr, Reddit, and Quora go to war. What would be the advantages of each site and who would win?
What would the result be in a fight between Superior Spiderman and the Incredible Hulk?
All 3 movie spidermen in a fight to the death.
Master chief has to kill the president. Can he?
Who would make a good God of Destruction?
Who would win in a fight, Saitama or Bayonetta?
Lightning vs. Bahamut
If the characters from How I Met Your Mother fought the characters from The Big Bang Theory , which group would win, and why?
Who'd win, Ichigo and Ishida vs Naruto and Sasuke?
Who would win, Ultra Instinct Golden Cell vs Lord Beerus?
Who would win between a fully grown African elephant and a fully grown triceratops?
Who would win a war between only Britain and Japan in the 1940s given Japan's victories in the Pacific during that time?
Bloodthirsty Emu's who assimilate defeated opponents technology Vs Daleks: Who would have the edge?
Jolly Green Giant vs. Clifford the Big Red Dog
Who would win out of Bigby Wolf vs Mr. Cannis, and why?
In a battle royale between every single Warhammer 40,000 Imperial battleship, which one wins?
{Scan Battle} Best one Liner
Why did the Democrats choose to run a conservative minded candidate to win the most recent congressional race? Is it that they really do “get it” that the American people want conservatives in office?
Who would win, Mastered Ultra Instinct Goku or Rune King Thor?
Who would win in a fight between Percy Jackson and Harry Potter?
Who would win, Steve Rogers, Sam Wilson, and Bucky Barnes vs the Furious Five?
Do you think there would be a WW3 starting with America and North Korea?
Who would win: Goku Black Vs Urahara Kiskuke and Yoruichi shihōin
Who'd win, Goku vs Batman?
Who would win, Spartan Laser or Halo Array?
The entire /r/whowouldwin population in a competition...
Who would win, Shizuku, Feitan Portor, Machi Komachine, Shalnark or Owl and 5 other Shadow Beasts?
Who would win this fight: Justin Bieber vs a bunch of things?
Haven't seen anyone do this type of thread since I did it last, pick three powers from the power randomizer and decide the strongest character you could defeat.
At what point are Naruto and Ichigo at their most "equal", and who would win in a fight at that point based on feats?
Why do people say that General McClellan was a terrible general? He turned the Union Army into a premier fighting force after repeated embarrassments.
Extend a historical figure's life by 5 years. Who has the biggest impact on the world with their increased lifespan?
Who would have the edge out of Greg Heffley VS Chick-Hicks: Who Is More Likeable, and why?
How do skiers win races?
Who’ll win a fight between Dronacharya and Ravana?
Who would be victorious out of RHINO VS ELEPHANT, and why?
You run the apex predator gauntlet with a rapier and a battleax Who would win?
Between Iron Man, equipped with either his Bleeding Edge armor or his Endo-sim Armor, and Blue Beetle, who wins in a fight?
Are Koreans very nationalistic? If a war broke out, do you think the Koreans in America would come back to their home country to defend?
Who would win, Naruto vs Tobi?
Is there any synthetic biologist who is likely to win a Nobel Prize in the near future?
3 400-lb mountain gorillas vs. 10 140lb Bruce Lees: Who would be the champion?
If a war between Latin America and Europe starts, which side would win?
What would you say if Superman were to be more powerful with Thanos’ infinity gauntlet?
Who would win this fight: Sabretooth vs. Man-Bat and others?
What are the chances that Trump is throwing the race so Hillary wins the election?
Who would win if a war broke out today, the USA or the unified Soviet Union?
Who would win in a race, Flash, Silver Surfer, or Superman Prime 1,000,000?
Psylocke vs Gorilla Grodd: Who would come out on top?
Who would win if Black Canary and Black Widow fought?
Who would win, Gon vs Midoriya?
Why is no one asking about Europe's role in WW3?
If Norway declares war on Finland, how would other countries and NATO respond to it? Who would win the war probably between the two countries?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Hyperion?
If all the us presidents fought in a march madness style fighting tournament at their absolute peaks, who wins? Who are the finalists?
Who would win in a fight between the Thing and Abomination, and how would the fight play out?
Every US President is divided into teams of 5, the teams must find each other then fight to the death.
Who's the strongest opponent the immortal god emperor in his prime could 6/10? Conversely who's the weakest opponent that could 6/10 the emperor?
Who would win this duel: Genos vs Gaara?
Doomguy vs. North Korea: Who would win?
What would happen to the planet Earth if the World War Three does happen? Would the world end?
Can a human the size of Brock Lesnar beat up a female deer?
Who would win, GT Goku vs Naturon Shenron?
If there would be conflicts or a war between South Korea and the US, would WTO interfere? If not, then why?
Who would win in a race between Hyper Sonic and Flash?
If the US Army fought the Swiss Army in Switzerland in 1927 would the US or the Swiss win?
Who would win this war: Suiryu vs Genos?
How would you plan a takeover of Antarctica?
An average American can now turn his pee into a lightsaber, assuming he can constantly pee without getting tired, how many fat people can he kill in a fight
Who is the strongest character Composite Jack Black can defeat?
Who would win a battle between Arjuna and Krishna and why?
Who wins in the 4th Great Ninja War?
Who would win this battle: Hypothetical Death Battle: Cloud Strife Vs. Lightning Farron?
What would you use in a fight, an execution sword or a talwar?
How does one effectively close the distance in a fight?
Who would win, Eiling and a force of marines vs Batman?
Who is the strongest person Spongebob could defeat.
If all of the commanding and conquering factions were to declare war against each other without any allies, then who would emerge victorious and why?
Who would win in a battle between 100 M4 Shermans and 100 T-34's?
Who would win a Lakers coach brawl, Pat Riley versus Phil Jackson?
Who would win in a war between the whole world versus the USA and China?
Who'd win, Five gorillas vs. the Baltimore Ravens?
If World War III is inevitable, what can be done to delay it?
Who would win in a fight: Deadpool or Goku?
Who would you call to take care of a very messy crime scene, The Wolf from Pulp Fiction, or Saul Goodman from Breaking Bad
Who would win, Whis or Vados?
Who would win a fight: Iron Fist vs Hulk?
Who would win in a fight if Batman fought Batman?
Which would win, technology versus tradition?
How old would Batman have to be to lose to a completely average human from our universe?
Who would win out of Naruto Vs. Ichigo, and why?
Who'd win, Composite Naruto bullshit vs Composite Dragonball bullshit?
Who would win in a fight between a rhino and a bear?
Vampires from I Am Legend vs The Apes from Planet of the Apes: Who would be the winner?
How did the Americans win the second war against British?
Who would win between Winter Soldier and Nightwing?
Could the United States of America win WWIII?
Who would win in a fight between these two Chakravartin Ashoka Samrat characters, Rajkumar Sushim or Daastan?
Xenomorph Queen vs Indominous Rex: Who would be the winner?
Who would win the rap battle between Eminem and Lil Buddha?
A bloodlusted man dual-wielding two short swords versus a bloodlusted lion: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Doctor Fate vs Doctor Strange?
Ron Perlman showdown! Slade v Hellboy and The Beast: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Thanos or Mewtwo?
Who would win in a fight, Android 17/Lapis or the Saiyan prodigy known as Son Gohan in his Ultimate form?
Who would win in a fight, Dante or Goku?
Who would win, Shark boy and Lava girl vs Juni and Carmen Cortez from spy kids?
How can I plan for the future when it looks like WW3 will start soon? Everything seems meaningless.
In a fight with a female it is wise to hit, grab, or expose their breasts? Will this distract them from defending themselves?
Who would win, Loki & Valkyrie vs Thor?
Who would win in a battle between full power juggernaut and gray Hulk? No battlefield removal, win by death or KO.
Can a human catch a panda bare-handed?
12 Talisman Multiversal Battle Royale
Who would win this brawl: Snoop Dogg vs DMX at being a dog?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Ernest Hemingway vs. Charles Bukowski, and why?
Who would win in a battle between 3 SWAT teams and Napoleon's Grande Armée?
Which car company will win the race to have the first driver-less car for sale to consumers?
Who would have the edge out of Polar Bear vs Hippo, and why?
The White Wolf vs The White Wolf: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a battle to the death? Ghost Rider and Scarlet Witch vs Spawn and Doctor Strange?
You have to have a battle to the death with Goku, but before the fight, you get to pick a single person/character for him to fuse with. Who do you pick to give yourself the best chance at winning? Who would win?
Who would win, Saitama vs. The Great Tomb of Nazarick ?
Who would win in a fight, The Emperor Palpatine and the entire Empire or Sauron with the Ring and his Orc army?
Street Sharks vs. Ninja Turtles: Who would be victorious?
What would the war be like if there was world war 3 only as per weapons?
Who would win in a fight between Alucard and Deadpool?
Who wins between these historical greats in a game of Civilization V?
What superhero could save the world from destruction and have a date at the same exact time.
Who would win this brawl: The United States Military decides to end the debate on which branch is best once and for all and declares war on itself?
Massive Sniper Duel
Who would win in a fight of Sentry versus Gladiator?
What would happen if in the year 1940 the Franco-British alliance starts a war against USSR and soon after that the USA activates War Plan Red and goes on the Soviet side? Who would win in this hypothetical scenario?
Who would win, The Beyonder from Marvel Comics or TOAA from Marvel Comics?
Who would win, A well built and athletic man with a wooden baseball bat vs a sea lion?
Who'd win, Bruce Lee now has the combined skills and powers of all characters inspired by him. Who can he now beat?
If the government of the Second Reich had not collapsed at the end of WWI, what would the treaty of Versailles have looked like?
Kihara Enshuu vs Number Man: Who would win?
Who'd win, Uber-Batman vs. Darkseid?
Who would come out on top out of Obama Vs Bill Gates, and why?
All the brawling news teams vs. The Third Street Saints
KotD Black Panther vs. Spiderman: Who would win?
Wonder Woman runs a challenging gauntlet
When considering an FTP client, what's the difference between using File Zilla and Win SCP versus using Windows Explorer? I never understood why people needed to use a third-party client when they could access the FTP using the native explorer?
What will happen if there happens a war between US and India? Who will win?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Doomsday?
How can I focus on my education with the threat of WW3 starting?
What is the most invaded country in history?
Who would win in a fight between Conor McGregor vs The Rock
Who would win this war: Sabertooth tiger vs. A Grizzly bear?
Who'd win, Rally Vincent vs. Han Solo?
Who would win in a fight, Captain America or Black Panther?
Who would win, Darkseid Vs an Indestructible cube that keeps playing the "chicken dance" song on loop?
Who would win, a Ford Focus RS versus a 2015 Mustang GT?
Siberian Tiger vs Utah Raptor: Who would be the winner?
If the LAPD SWAT were sent to kill/capture a squad of rogue Marines in a house, who would win?
Who would be the winner out of Tiger vs bear, and why?
Who'd win, Mr incredible vs Po from Kung Fu Panda?
Crossbones gets the Shocker gloves in addition to his other gear. Does his fight with Cap go any differently?
Who would win, Pyrrha Nikos vs Jaune Arc?
Who would win this combat: Stereotypical British villain vs Stereotypical Russian villain?
Who would win in a fight between Magneto and Batman?
How did Neymar and Silva's absences affect the first half of the Brazil versus Germany semifinal?
Inspired by the Lil Jon post: Internet personality JonTron gains the Thu'um "TEN, -ASS, ECCH".
Could Wolverine's adamantium claws pierce Black Panther's vibranium armour, and therefore Captain America's shield as well?
How long would Hezbollah last against combined might Japan + South Korea?
Who would win, Martian Man Hunter vs. Majin Buu?
Doomsday vs. a Kryptonian bear: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Full Power Chaos King with a Cosmic Cube and Ultimate Nullifier or Superman?
How many house cats to take down one full grown lion.
In a chemical war between alchemists and maesters of the citadel, who would win?
Who wins a race when it’s old vs. new?
Who will win in a direct combat between Oberyn Martell and Jon Snow?
Who would win in a full Pokemon battle between Paul and Gary Oak?
Who would win in a duel to the death- Robert Baratheon or Jaime Lannister?
Could Gandalf defeat all nine Nazgul?
Who would win in a boxing match Makonouchi Ippo vs. Little Mac
Who would win a battle between Thor and Chapulín Colorado?
Sharks vs Crocodiles: Who would win?
In the 2016-17 presidential race, did you have a preference of whom you wanted to win?
who can beat composite animal ?
A silver back gorilla vs all current UFC champions at once. Who has the win: Who would come out on top?
Who do you think will win in a fight between sandman vs crocodile?
Who would win in a war between Pakistan and Saudi Arabia?
Who would win, Zangief or Son Goku?
Who is more powerful, Lucifer or The Beyonder?
Who would win a Battle Bots tournament between the super geniuses of the Marvel Universe?
Twenty bears on rollerblades with shotguns invade your neighbourhood. Can you survive?
Who would win this war: The Best MMA Fighter VS. One of the Best H2H Combat Operators in the World, the SpetsNaz, especially Gruppa Alfa?
Your Total Karma is your Power Level
How did armies before the 20th century provide drinking water to the troops without modern methods of treating it for bacteria?
Who would win in a battle between battle ship Roma and the Bismarck?
What's the strongest dinosaur that a hippo could kill in combat?
Who'd win, Hoppy the Marvel Bunny vs Throg?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Superman, Wonder Woman and Shazam vs Frieza, Cell and Majin Buu, and why?
Who would be the winner out of Omnipotent being versus Character beyond Omnipotence, and why?
Who would win, Izanami versus Izanagi Uchiha?
Beerus vs Hulk who would winn
vs
President Obama obtains all 7 Chaos Emeralds. Can anyone on Earth stop him?
Every Dog vs Every Cat on Earth
Who would be the victor out of Tigress vs Mr. Satan, and why?
You vs super-sized animals 2 Who would win?
How much truth is there in the Thomas Edison versus Nikola Tesla debate?
Stallin, hitler, pol pot, kim jon un and gengis khan all run for president in the 2020 usa election, who wins?
AMERICANS VS KOREANS: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Master Chief with the brain of a chimpanzee vs. a chimpanzee with the brain of Batman?
Who would be victorious out of Ancient Red Dragon vs. The USS Enterprise, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Yamcha or Kiba?
If there is a battle between USS Zumwalt and INS Visakhapatnam, who will win?
Who would win, Son Goku with Super Saiyan Blue or Saitama?
Who is likely to win the Alabama Senate special election in Dec. 2017?
In a battle between all the gods all over the world , who would win?
Who'd win, Sam Wilson and Nicolas Maduro both tell a bird what to do. Who does the bird listen to?
Who would win, Archie Comic Sonic and Shadow Vs. DBS Beerus and Champa?
Who would have the edge out of Metroid vs Halo, and why?
What would be the global effects of an Saudi Arabian-Iranian war?
Who would win, Black Panther VS Genji?
Who would win, Ultra Instinct Goku or Current Naruto and Sasuke?
George Takei wielding Thor's hammer and an Iron Man glove against 1 million angry house cats: Who would have the edge?
Who would be the champion out of Iron Man vs. Lex Luthor Result, and why?
Who'd win, Navy Seal Copy Pasta vs Solid Snake?
Who would win in a war between Israel and the Syrian regime?
Who would win in a no holds barred trash talking battle between President Duterte and Donald Trump?
Who would win in a fight between a rhino and a bull?
Who would be the champion out of Groot vs Tree Rex, and why?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs King Bradley?
Who would win in a fight, Link or Finn the Human, and why?
Can a wolverine kill a wolf?
One fully armed US soldier vs like a ton of ants: Who would be victorious?
Who would win a death battle between Kate Beckinsale's 'Selene' and Wesley Snipes' 'Blade'?
Who would have the edge out of Meruem vs Sonic the Hedgehog, and why?
Every past U.S. Vice President is running for president. Who gets elected?
Who would win a battle between the Sontarans and the Klingon Empire?
If every Superman were to fight each other, who would win?
5 Roman Legions circa 0 AD vs. Washington DC: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight, Garnet or Saitama?
Why is there so much fighting between different Muslim groups?
Who'd win, Klitschko Brothers VS the Marsupial Maulers?
Peter Quill Vs. Peter Pan: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight between Optimus Prime and Galactus?
Who would win in a fight, E.V.A. 01 or Godzilla?
Who would win in a war between Ukraine and Russia?
Who would win, Ra's Al Ghul, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Ryu, and Master Roshi, are each given a Morty to train for combat?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a fight between Midway's Tanya from Mortal Kombat or Sucker Punch's Neyla from Sly 2:Band of Thieves?
Does the latest IG report on FBI politicization feel like losing a schoolyard fight that you started?
could the Chicago Fire beat the Chicago Fire ?
Who would win in a fight between a brutal cat and a brutal dog?
Who would win in a fight between Vegeta and Thor?
Who would win this combat: A man armed with a sock with rocks in it vs A feral wolf?
Why did Larry Hogan, a Republican, win the 2014 race to become governor of Maryland?
Could Wolverine's heightened senses and battle prowess let him do Batman's job for one week?
Who would be the champion out of Throg, Frog of Thunder vs Krypto, the Superdog, and why?
Who would win if a Jedi fought the Blair Witch and how would the individual win?
What are the consequences if 3rd వరల్డ్ war occurs?
Who would win, izuku midoriya vs mosquito girl?
King Vader Vs. Hot Blooded Pinkie Pie
Ant-Man vs. Million Ants: Who would win?
Who would win this match: Hypothetical race: between a high end bicycle from 2016, and the average motorcycle from 1910, who do you think would win, and why?
How do I win a debate in favour of the statement "Aliens do not exist."?
Who would win in a fight between a spotted hyena and a deinonychus?
Who'd win, 10,000 silverback gorillas VS you plus any 4 fictional heroes without super powers?
Can you write a story which is against or opposite to a moral or a proverb? For example, a story against "slow and steady wins the race", etc.
Its the Zombie Apocalypse! Chose one of the following groups to join up with, who has the best chance of survival?
Who would win in a fight between an Iberian fighting bull and a grizzly bear?
Who would win, Navy Seal copypasta guy vs a team of 3 navy seals with rifles. 3 bullets per rifle?
Ukraine gets UNSC equipment
Who would win: a 12 month old toddler vs a 4 week old pupper?
Are there any areas in the USA that will be safe if a nuclear war with China breaks out?
Man vs Gorilla: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Hit and Kefla vs GoD Toppo?
Who would win in a fight between Yagami Light and Batman?
VP Mike Pence gains the abilities of numerous electric-based characters. Who is the strongest character he could take in a fight?
How would everything have turned out if Fingolfin won against Morgoth?
Who would win in a battle to the death? TOAA and Zarathos/Ghost Rider or Galactus and Trigon?
Who would win in a war between China, the U.S and Russia against the entire world?
Would a war between the UK and Russia be purely conventional, despite the two countries being nuclear powers?
Who'd win, Beluga whale vs Great White Shark?
Fate/Stay Night's servants- heroes straight from legendary myths, summoned to fight for the Holy Grail. How would Jamie and Adam from Mythbusters do in a Grail War: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Flash vs. The Atom/Ant Man?
Who would win this war: A Silverback Gorilla vs A Kangaroo?
Who would win in a fight: Gray or Zuko?
Who would win this battle: The Toronto Raptors attack Prime Shaq and Kobe like they're raptors?
which superhero would make the best super villain and which super villain would make the best superhero
When was the last time another country had enough military power to defeat the United States?
What caused the Franco-Prussian War?
Who will win a war between Afghanistan and USA if medieval war tactics and equipments are used?
Who would win this combat: Summoner Battle: Red vs. Yugi?
The Dragonborn Gets A Few Upgrades
Who would win between a Utahraptor and a bear?
The Great Debate Season 3 Coming Soon
Who would win this brawl: A mountain sheep vs. a kangaroo?
Who would win in a full scale war between NATO and the Warsaw Pact in 1983, assuming that nuclear, biological, chemical weapons and conventional forces were used?
Have there ever been any fights between people in low-orbit space vehicles?
Who would win this fight: Prequel-era Jedi vs. Sith - Team Battle?
What's the longest Quora answer?
Who would win in the fight, Netero from Hunter x Hunter versus Master Roshi from Dragon Ball Super?
Had to paint this as soon as I realised I could. Who would win?
Roll for a random power. Which hero is the most suited to be your mentor and how long would it take for you to be combat-ready: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, The Anti-Monitor vs Beerus?
Who would win this duel: Mobile Task Force Nine-Tailed Fox and Hammer Down replace the HECU, how do things go?
Who would win in a battle between Sentry/Void and Doomsday?
Who would win out of Wonder Woman vs Thor, and why?
Who would win this duel: ATOM vs. Ant-Man?
Who would win this battle: The most ridiculous character vs the most ridiculous setting: One Punch Man gets dropped into the Warhammer 40k Universe?
Who'd win, Captain America, Black Panther, Winter Soldier, Daredevil vs Nightwing, Red Hood, Batgirl, Red Robin?
Who would win, Cake Day Battle: Führer King Bradley vs Vash the Stampede?
300lb spider vs gauntlet: Who would be the winner?
Who would win this fight: Micheal caine with a handful of cocaine and a sack of tangerines, vs Morgan freeman with a stick of vampiric cucumber and half a bottle of captain Morgans rum vs a bloodlusted David attenborough wielding a camera tripod and the brain of a chav from liverpool?
Has there ever been a dog fight between airships?
Your favorite Superhero/supervillain Vs. your favorite mythological figure
Who'd win, Battle Droids and Mujahideen, the Separatist-Afghan War?
A 60 foot tall flying T-Rex with fractal human arms, 1,000,000x the intellegenece of Albert Einstein, and admantium bones + 4 inch thick titanium skin vs the entire human race: Who would be victorious?
Who would win out of General Tao vs. Batman at hand to hand combat, and why?
Bruce Wayne must replace Tony Stark in the MCU
My sorrow over the Packers losing vs Batman's sorrow over his parent's death
You are a world-class psychologist hired by the Avengers in the MCU. However, your actual intentions are to kill every superhero in the universe. Who would win?
Who would win this brawl: The Tick vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win the fight between Superman and jack-jack?
Fire Lord Ozai takes a wrong turn with his fleet, and is heading straight for Teufort: Who would be the winner?
Darth Vader/Anakin Skywalker vs Darth Sidious: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this combat: Hakaze Kusaribe vs. Hela?
Who would win this battle: The Guardians of the Galaxy vs. Diamond Dogs?
Who will win the MotoGP Austin race?
Who would win a dogfight between a F-35 and a Eurofighter Typhoon fighter plane?
If Alexander the Great had been around during the Roman invasion of Greece, would he have been able to destroy the attacking Romans?
Who would win in a battle between a beachmaster elephant seal and a leopard seal?
Who would come out on top out of Batman vs Apes, and why?
Who would win in a fight: The Hulk or The Marvel Universe?
The American Civil War - 2016
The Furious Five+Po vs. Big Hero 6: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Solid Snake or Michael Myers ?
Who would win a battle between Batman and Savitar?
Who would win, Dumbledore's Army vs the Fire Nation?
The Furious Five vs. the Guardians of the Galaxy: Who would be the victor?
Who would win this duel: AK-47 wielding Grizzly Bear versus invisible Sumatran Tiger?
Can you win the Tournament of Power with a team of 10 Pokemon?
You and Ricardo Vega are dropped into North Korea. How can you destroy North Korea without dying? Who would win?
Who would win, Beerus vs Silver Surfer?
What's the biggest dog an average human being can beat in a 1vs1 fight?
Why does the male make / is expected to make the first move in the mating game?
Who would win, Iron Man and Pikachu vs Wonder Woman?
Could a grizzly bear tear a T-Rex's stomach open?
Who is the strongest character Lerris could beat?
Who would be the victor out of Troodon vs Velociraptor, and why?
The Doctor vs. Freddy Kreuger: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Gods from God of War series vs MCU Thanos?
What is the best propaganda poster ever?
Jackie Chan is carrying a vase that Batman is hiding inside of without Jackies knowledge. Can Batman defeat Jackie?
Can Bubsy and Cool Cat take down the Red Lantern Corps?
What would happen if modern Japan were sent back to 1937? Would the Japanese start a territorial conquest or is their recourse and military might too weak for a total war against US, UK, and USSR?
In today's match, who is going to win between RCB versus MI?
Who would win in a war between Kosovo and Montenegro without NATO intervention?
In a battle between Steppenwolf and Silver Surfer, who would win?
You must evade a Bloodlusted Lion running up a stairwell. Do you make it to the Rooftop? Who would win?
Who would win, Rainbow Dash vs Princess Twilight?
Who would win this battle: Kanye West decides to remix A Song of Ice and Fire?
In a fight between the Spartans and the Vikings, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between George and Kong?
Hypotetically, who will win in a fight to death: Wonder Woman versus Ghost Rider?
Who between two athletes, one slim and fast, and one fat, in a race going slow, would win?
Who would win, A stick vs 1000 US marines?
Who would win this punch-up: Batman vs. Spiderman: The power of prep?
Who'd win, A 140 pound, 5'9 foot tall very fit woman trained in boxing, kick boxing, and MMA vs a 220 pound 6'2 foot tall grown man who has no training at all?
Hypothetically, if Iran and Azerbaijan went to war, will you fight Azeris?
Dio Brando vs The Furious Five + Shifu and Po: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this battle: Reaper vs. Shadow the Hedgehog?
What would win in a drag race, a Turbo Diesel VW Beetle or a Honda Civic Si Sedan?
Amateur Hour - WWW Obscure Character Discussion - Week 10
Who will win in a war between the present day China VS all the allied and axis member nations of WWII?
In a completely unarmed fight, with both parties being in their prime, who would win, Bruce Lee or Andre the Giant?
Who would win in a fight between Rorschach and Nite Owl vs Batman and Nightwing?
Who'd win, Cheetah vs. Timberwolf?
Featured Character: Isaac Clarke
Who'd win, The Bat of Gotham vs the Son of Dathomir?
Who would win between Sasuke or Killua at the end of Hunter x Hunter anime?
Who would be the victor out of The Shadow vs. Batman, and why?
You with 250 thousand dollars vs a navy seal Who would win?
Who would win a battle between Iron Man and the Justice League?
Who would win in a battle between the Royal Navy and the U.S. Coast Guard?
Batman VS Besiege's "Cube": Who would be the champion?
Who will win in a war between the Empire of the Rising Sun and the GLA?
Who would win this fight: Slender Man vs Jeff the Killer?
In the war of words between Trump and Kim, who is winning?
Who would win in a fight between Dormammu and Superman Prime One Million?
The Joker versus Lord Voldemort: who wins?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or One Above All?
Every President of the United States vs every King and Queen of England
Who'd win, Elsa vs Shadow the Hedgehog?
A Warhammer 40K Space Marine tries to assassinate the President of the United States
Every high school in the history of anime competes in a to-the-death showdown, head-to-head tournament style. Which high school comes out on top?
Batman vs Doctor Octopus: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Rodrigo Borgia or Master Assassin: Ezio Auditore De' Firenze?
Who would win in a battle between the team of the Fantastic Four and Iron Man and the Star Trek Enterprise Starship?
Who would come out on top out of Captain America Vs Bigby Wolf, and why?
Who would win this fight: Rabbit-lusted Lennie Smalls vs. Dog-lusted John Wick?
Spongebob Squarepants pissed off the wrong Gods again... much like the King Neptune Episode, he must make a Krabby Patty to satisfy Galatucus, Devourer of Worlds.
Which would win in a fight, bacteria or viruses?
Who'll win a battle between Batman and Spider-Man?
Kratos vs Gabriel Belmont: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this punch-up: Pocahontas and John Smith vs Mulan and Li Shang?
Wreck it Ralph versus Mr. Incredible: who would win?
If the dads of superheros had to take up their sons mantle against his classic nemesis, who would be able to win?
Dovahkiin somehow gets struck by lightning, after that he can access Speedforce. Who can beat The Fast Dragonborn?
Who would win a battle between 100 PLA soldiers and 1,000 Roman soldiers?
Who'd win, Hawkeye vs the Jurassic Park movies?
Terminator vs 20 Raptors from Jurassic Park III: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this brawl: Captain America vs. Dinosaurs?
Who'd win, The Wild Hunt vs The Black Captains?
Who would win a dog fight between F16 & Tejas LCA?
How likely will it be that Mitt Romney becomes the senator of Utah?
Who Would Win Between All the Pandas In The World And All The Raccoons In The World?
Who'd win, Naked Batman vs T-Rex?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider vs Punisher vs Crossbones in a Spooky Scary Skeleton danceoff?
Who would win, Steve Irwin vs Jurassic Park raptor?
I want to take over Marvel Earth and render the superhero community harmless. What Infinity Gem would be the best?
When do you think WW3 will start?
Who would win between a full on war between the Visigoths and the Japanese in the 5th century?
If Ernest Adams and John Cate had a debate about gun control, who would win?
Who would win this brawl: The strongest marvel character vs the strongest DC character that are not omniscient?
Israel vs South Korea: Who would win?
Who will win a fight between 3 Samurais armed with swords and a Big Pride of Lions?
Arrow : Who would win in a fight: Slade Wilson vs Malcolm Merlyn?
Hulk playing your favourite game vs. Hulk watching your favourite show: Who would be the champion?
A circus lion vs a zoo lion vs a pet lion vs a stadium lion: Who would be victorious?
Who would win out of Earth-8107 Hulk VS Street Sharks, and why?
Who would win a fight between 14th century knights, vikings in their prime or 11th century samurai?
Who would win, Jack Reacher vs Jason Bourne?
Who would win in a fight Janemba or Erza?
An Ostrich vs. A Camel
Who would win this fight: Spider-Man vs Black Panther?
You're now a superhero with powers based on your username. Who's the strongest character you could beat? Who would win?
Who would win, Vegito Blue or Platinum Cell?
Iron Zoo
Who would win in a fight between Yoda and Voldemort?
Who would win a war between India and EU?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and Wonder Woman?
Would a two-edged longsword or a 54 inch hardwood staff be a better weapon in unarmored combat? .
Who would win if the F-16 and FA-50 engages in a dog fight?
Who is the strongest character All Might could defeat in the One Punch Man World?
Why does liberalism always win in the end? When looking at the issues of homosexuality, race, etc., it's clear that in the long run reactionaries don’t ever win.
Darth Vader upgrade V2.1
Who would win in a war between Marvel's "The Hand" and DC's "League of Assassin's"?
Featured Team: Xiaolin Dragons
What is the weakest character which could punch down a tree?
Lion pride of 7 vs grey wolf pack of 14: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, a green anaconda or a saltwater crocodile?
What's the most powerful animal a human could defeat barehanded and unarmoured?
Who would win, 5 Iron Legion Armor Drone vs 5 Outriders?
Who would win, Neji and Hinata versus Spiderman and Spiderwoman?
Who would win this punch-up: Ten thousand five year olds vs. an enraged female T. Rex?
Who would win in a fight - Vegeta or Sasuke?
Who would win, an angry Hulk vs The Avengers?
Who would win in a fight, Eijiro Kirishima or Knuckles?
All omnipotents duke it out---in a game of Monopoly. Who comes out on top?
Who Would Win in a Sass-off between Bayonetta and Deadpool?
Is the world was to suddenly go into a huge war to the death of all other nations, who would win?
How many storm troopers does it take to wipe out SEAL team 6?
Anyone out there who is universally accepted as "smarter" than Rick Sanchez?
Who would win, Weiss or Yang Xiao Long?
Beerus Enters The Tournament Of Power
Weekly Off-Topic for 6/16/2017
Would America really risk world war 3 in the case of an invasion of Taiwan just for the sake of "honor" and "credibility"?
If there were a war between all the wizards from Harry Potter and all the X-Men, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between 100 million gorillas and Superman?
If there was a war between Germany and all the other Axis Powers during WW2 who would win?
If Hitler had won World War II, would he still be regarded as evil?
November Participation Trophy for Nov 19-30
Who would win a fight between a lion and an elephant?
Who will win between Rotherham versus Burton?
All Presidents actually become everything their worse critics accuse them of being. Which President becomes the most powerful villain?
In Tolkien's legendarium, who was the greater warrior, Tulkas or Eönwë?
Who would win, Mandrakk vs Cosmic Armor Superman?
If there is an intellectual war between India and USA who would win?
Who would win this duel: Gorilla with Mjolnir vs Gorilla with Captain America's shield. MCU?
Who would win a battle between 500 Lannisters vs 500 Starks?
Who would win a fight between Stipe Miocic and Cain Velasquez?
Who would win, 100 Spacemarines or 100 Jedis?
Bowser Jr. vs. Metal Sonic: Who would be the victor?
If all the male Robins in DC fought without weapons who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Firestorm and The Human Torch?
Who would win in a fight, Ghost Rider or Franklin Richards?
Who would win in a fight between a Llama and an Alpaca?
Who would win this duel: Mordor VS Napoleonic France?
4th Wall Breaker Battle Royale
If there were six people, each had one stone on their gauntlet, who would win?
Infinity War Spoiler Megathread
You receive a bag that hold your post karma expressed in cubic millimetres of volume, a coin to put in it from every time you've been gilded, and have 1 point of Strength in the SPECIAL for every 10,000 comment karma. What is the strongest thing you can kill just by swinging that bag. Who would win?
Who would win a war between NATO and some of its allies versus the rest of the world including India, Russia, China etc.?
If all the Pokémon regions went to a Pokémon war, who would win?
In a war between the US Navy Seals and the US Marines, who would win?
Who would win, Madara Uchiha or Indra Otsutsuki?
A group of five Heroes run a Gauntlet from their worlds
Who would win out of Hakaze Kusaribe vs Fate Characters, and why?
Who would win in a fight, the 501st or the Mongol army?
If there was a war between Turkey and Iran, who will win and why?
Who is the weakest character/race that could eat/farm xenomorphs in the same way humans have harvested crayfish/crawfish/crawdads?
Who would win in a fight between a sea otter and a dog?
Who would win in a fight between a Cape buffalo and a lion?
Who would win between Carbide from Robot Wars amd Tombstone from Battlebots?
All the Final Fantasy villains engage in a fight to the death with each other
bull moose versus grizzly bear. Who would win
Who would win, Pennywise vs Deadpool?
Can Dianne Feinstein still enter the Senatorial race & win without Democratic Party backing?
Who would win in a flying race, General Leia or Yondu?
Who would win this war: SSJ4 Gogeta vs Silver Age Superman?
Who would win in a fight, Wonder Woman or Dark Phoenix?
Who would win this match: Cyborg Ninja Grey Fox with no Legs vs The Punisher with only a Sword?
Who'd win, The Rhino is now wielding all the RYNOs from Ratchet and Clank. Who can he beat?
Lord Voldemort runs a One Punch Man gauntlet
Who would win in a rap battle between Eminem and honey Singh?
Theoretically, which Nordic country would win in a war between them?
Who would win in a war: ants or humans?
Mikoto Misaka vs Azula: Who would win?
Could the US fight a purely air and defensive ground fight with North Korea where they hit initial targets and then through air superiority target threats?
Who would win in a tug of war between King Kong and Hulk?
Who wins a fight between Chhota, Bheem, and Kratos?
Who would win in a war between Pakistan and Rajnikanth?
In a fight between Christopher Reeve's iconic portrayal of the Man of Steel and Henry Cavill's iteration of the Superman, who would win in a fight?
Who would win a battle between ~50 Roman legionaries and a car?
Could Bruce Lee beat a gorilla in a fight? What humans can?
Sterling Archer, a.k.a. "Duchess" Vs. Xander Crews, a.k.a. "Awesome X": Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Current Sarada or Kid Sasuke?
Who would win, Raditz vs Dabura?
What's The Strangest thing The Most Qualified Man in the World Could Get Away with in a Job Interview?
Who would win if the Indian and Pakistan Armed Forces jointly fought a war against China?
What if Jiren were to face off against one of the most powerful versions of Superman, Superboy Prime? Would this raging teenage Kryptonian be able to utterly decimate Jiren, or would he fall in defeat like his other versions?
Hank J. Wimbleton and Project 154 team up together! Who is the weakest character that can defeat them: Who would win?
Who'd win, The Joker drugs Barry Allen and tricks him into killing Iris West. After killing the Joker in a fit of rage, Barry decides that the world needs a new form of justice, under his own regime. Who sides with him, who sides against him, and how does the war go?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Pikachu, and why?
If Iron Man and Antman fight, who would win, and how?
Who'd win, Raava and Vaatu vs. The Darkness and The Angelus?
You are placed in a command of the Kingdom of Hungary by Miklós Horthy just before declaring war on the Allied Powers. Can you win the war for the Kingdom of Hungary?
Who would win, Mass effect universe vs star trek universe in all out space war. Minus demi gods?
Cloud Strife vs Meliodas: Who would be the victor?
Who would win battle between united states and Russia?
It seems like there is going to be a war between India and China. Who will win the war?
Dr. Mantis Toboggan vs the Crimson Chin: Who would win?
Freddy Fazbear just said no to Panda. Who would win?
You with two lightsabers and Spartan armor vs a pack of 5 velociraptors Who would win?
What did the American GI of WW2 think of the British tommy?
Would dual wielding be more effective than using one sword in a fight between two swordsmen who mastered their respective styles?
Who will win a war between India and the USA?
Presence vs TOAA vs Azathoth vs Biblical God: Who would win?
How will WWIII start? Will it be between US and Russian groups? Will China be a power card in that war?
Who would win this battle: Obama vs Kim-Jong Un?
Who would win out of Wolf Ranger vs Captain America, and why?
If Luffy fought with Mihawk after whole cake island, who would win? .
Who will win the direct fight between Ghost, Jon Snow's Direwolf, and all of Ramsey's Hounds?
How important was Joan of Arc to the final victory of France in the Hundred Years' War, and in what ways did she contribute to that victory?
Who would win, Earl Sinclair vs. Lady Vastra?
In combat between an AH-64 Apache helicopter and a ZSU-23-4, which has the advantage?
Who would win, Beerus vs Accelerator?
Who'd win, A toddler with a knife vs a 90 year old man?
If a war would breakout now between India and the USA vs Russia and China, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between the leaders of the Allies and Axis powers?
Which would win in a fight, a sperm whale or a megalodon?
Wander vs. a Titan: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a world war scenario if all eastern countries fought with all the western countries without using nukes?
Who would win, Light Yagami vs Lelouch Lamperouge at becoming class president?
Who would win, the entire Separatist Army from Star Wars or Magneto?
If World War III begins, how will be the groups of allies?
Who would win in a fight between Abeloth and Ungoliant?
Who'd win, Bleach verse vs Naruto/boruto verse, which would come out on top?
What do Pakistani Hindus think when there's a border dispute or fight between India and Pakistan.?
Internet President Free-For-All
During WWII, did Europeans know about Nazi death camps for Jews? If they knew, what did they know and when? Did any "resettled" Jews know their fate? Provide source where possible.
Who would win, 25 Navy Seals with an entire Home Depot's worth of supply vs 50 Vikings?
Elephant-sized Praying Mantis VS. A tribe of Native-American Indians: Who would have the best chance of winning?
If China fought with Japan, who would win?
Who would win a war between the liberals and conservative countries of the world?
Stay Tuned: Possible AFSOC Medal Of Honor Nomination Coming
Who would win, SSB Goku or SSB Vegeta?
Who would win in a fight among Odin vs Galactus vs Thanos?
How do you win a global war against China and Russia?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Fire vs. Earth vs. Air vs. Water, and why?
The Great Debate Season 3 Brackets
Who would win out of Trump vs Tradeau, and why?
Who would win, Sentry vs Jiren?
Who'd win, The Soulsborne protagonists take on William, Ryu Hayabusa, Geralt, and Raiden?
How many copies of Harambe would it take to beat Spider-Man?
Who'd win, Tea Gardner from Yu gi oh vs May from Pokemon?
Who would win in a battle between a hyena and a sun bear?
Who would be the victor out of Doctor Who, Dr Manhattan, Dr Strange, Doctor Doom, Doctor Octopus, and Dr Robotnik all run a gauntlet together, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Aquaman or Doomsday?
How many TIE-Fighters can a fully equipped squadron of Mark 7 Vipers take down?
Who would win, Black Bolt or Doctor Strange?
Who would win in a fight between Living Laser and Deadpool?
Who will win in a war between Yuri faction and Code Geass universe?
Naruto Uzumaki & Sasuke Uchiha vs. Lord Boros & Garou: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Batman and Buffy the Vampire Slayer swap places. How does it go for them?
You have the chance to fist fight Vladimir Putin with no punishment if you win, and you get 10 million, but if you lose you are a personal slave to him for 10 years. Would you accept the challenge?
Aang , The Furious Five with Po , a Predator , three Xenomorphs , Shao Kahn , the Boss , and Luke Skywalker vs. Neo: Who would be the champion?
If 1,000 vicious 14-year-old girls had to fight 4,000 10-year-old boys, which side would win?
Who would have the edge out of A Terminator squad vs High Charity, and why?
Your brain in a giant centipede body and your best friend's brain in a giant crawfish body versus your two worst enemies' brains in giant scorpion and praying mantis bodies
What was Caesar's greatest accomplishment: conquering Gaul or winning the Civil War?
Belmod and Jiren Vs Beerus and Vegito: Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Superman , Mr. Mxy and Bat-Mite have been fighting constantly destroying and recreating the Multiverse. Whose the weakest that can stop them, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Shiva and Durga?
Who would win, Saitama vs Ryu?
Who would win this war: Paladin, Beast and Archangel vs Animal Man, Darkhawk and Punisher?
The ancient Roman army, at its peak, invades modern Malta to conquer it. Can the AFM, 3,000 bird hunters, and civilians with cars defeat them? Rome will commit their full force, maximum priority, best generals, and no time frames.
Who would win in a war between English speaking Africa and French speaking Africa?
Elephant Seal vs Walrus: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Korra vs Nami?
Who would win in a fight, a Navy SEAL or Steven Seagal?
Which part of the debate is right, nature or nurture?
In World War I , which country suffered the most civilian fatalities?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs. Dr. Doom at ruling a country?
If a battle between Roman Legions plus accompanying auxiliaries vs Sengoku Japanese Samurai and ashigaru occurred, who would win?
Borg 1978 vs Nadal 2017: who would win and why?
Who would win this combat: Ronda Rousey vs Armless Tiger Man?
Who would win, Imperial Navy vs. Reaper Fleet?
Who would win in a war between Western and Orthodox Christians?
Who would win in a fight, John Cena or Godzilla?
What was the result of fight between Babruvahana and Arjuna?
Who would win this fight: Malfurion stormrage vs Poison ivy at growing a tree?
Who would win, the Hulk or the strongest gorilla?
The Assassins go through the Hunger Games.
Who could win in a fight Rock Lee Vs the 10,000 Orcs from the movie?
Who would have the edge out of The T-1000 vs Jake the Dog, and why?
Who would win, Spectre or Anti-Monitor?
Who would win, Superman from the Supergirl TV show or Superman from the DCEU?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and the Super Commando Dhruva?
Who would win in a battle, between Wolverine and Doomsday?
Featured Character - Contessa
Who would win a fight between Jon Jones and Mark Hunt?
Some geniuses sit down for a game of RISK
Who'd win, Indominus Rex vs King Kong: DEEP LOOK?
How the Hell: Can The Punisher , Composite Rico Rodriguez , John Wick , Master Chief and your favorite MHA character create a rebellion and defeat North Korea?
Who would win in a fight between Blade or Ultraviolet?
Street Sharks vs Biker Mice From Mars: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight between a husky and a pitbull?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Telekinetic Stephen Hawking vs. Pyrokinetic Nancy Grace, and why?
Who would be the winner out of Vampire Godzilla vs Werewolf Mothra, and why?
Who would win in a fight between the members of the Fantastic 4?
Who would win, Broly Vs Wonder Woman?
Who is more likely to win in a race between Senna, Schumacher, Hamilton, and Vettel?
Who would win, Superman VS Flash at Hungry Hungry Hippos?
Which side will win if there were a war between a medieval army and a modern army?
Who would win in a fight Batman vs The Sinister Six?
Who would win, Solid Snake vs Sam Fisher vs Batman vs Han Solo?
Nagato vs King Piccolo: Who would have the edge?
Can Joe Baker punch his way through the other Resident Evil games?
Your favorite character runs a ladder of famous real life attacks. How far do they get?
Does strength matter in a fight?
Who would win in a race, The Flash or XLR8?
Who would win in a fight between an unarmed Batman and a fully grown polar bear?
Arthas Menethil and army of the scourge or Sauron and his army of orcs: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Imagine you are a 10x nun in a bear costume from outerspace with opposable thumbs about to engage in a fight to the death with another nun, who may or may not be a bear in disguise. In front of you two lie a hunting knife and a baseball bat. If you pick one, the other nun will choose the other weapon. Which one would you pick and why?
Who would win in a war between Japan and Nepal?
Pick a Character. Run this Giant Smash Bros Gauntlet.
Who would win, Prime Mike Tyson vs Bruce Wayne in a boxing match?
In combat between an AH-64 Apache helicopter and an SA-8 missile battery, which has the advantage?
How can a Israeli, Iranian war start WW3?
Who would win in a fight Hardshell or Natsu , and why?
Stephen Hawking replaces Tony Stark, how does he fair?
In a non-nuclear war between the United Kingdom and Singapore, who would win?
Who would win, Melee Fox vs. Brawl Meta Knight?
Can Thor defeat Shazam?
Taking Infinity War into account, who would win between Thor and Doctor Strange?
Who would win a fight to the death between a hundred cats and one average man?
Which superhero would go up the most in power level if they followed a weightlifting program?
Who would be the winner out of Batman vs. Drunk Wolverine, and why?
Who wins in a fight, Alfred or J.A.R.V.I.S?
In Greek mythologies, who would win in a battle between Heracles and Ares?
Who would win this duel: Pinky and the Brain get access to Marvel level technology. With these new toys do you think they can finally gain world domination?
You are in charge of your home country during 1914. What do you do? If your country doesn't exist yet just make it so they got independence.
If there is a war between DC Comics characters and Marvel Comics characters, who will win? Why?
Who would win a lion or a bear
Who would win this war: Superman vs Goku is a little overdone, how about Vegeta vs General Zod?
What would happen if Daenerys Targaryen's dragons fought the White Walkers?
Who would win, Simba has come back to the Pride Lands to rally the lions and overthrow his uncle and his army of hyenas. Upon arrival however, he learns that they've already been killed by a herd of elephants?
How were the Polish able to win the Polish Soviet war?
Which superhero can take down the Batman and how?
Who would win in a fight, Marvel heroes versus DC villains? What about DC heroes versus Marvel villains?
If a war broke out against China and India, on which side would Russia probably be on? Why?
Who would win, Goku vs Final Form Frieza?
Who would win Eleven from Stranger Things or A Game of Thrones Dragon
If Shayetet 13 fought Sayeret Matkal, who would win?
Who would win this brawl: Ant-Man vs The Atom?
What is the most Prime Human possible?
Who would win, Torchwood vs. XCOM vs. The MIB?
Who would win in a fight, Majin Buu or Sonic?
Who will win in a fight between Luke Cage and Iron Fist?
Who would win out of Steve vs Zombie Apocalypse, and why?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 10/4/2015
Will everyone have to fight if a civil war broke out in England?
Robert Baratheon v. Adult Male Bull Rancor
Who would win in a fight between Don Quixote and Baron Munchausen?
What does it take to win a bicycle race?
Who would win out of Batman, Superman, Iron Man, Spiderman, Thor, Wonder Woman, Flash, Hawkeye, Dare Devil, and Captain Marvel in a free for all, and why?
Who would win, an actor or SSJ Gohan?
Who would win, Revan vs Galen Marek?
Who would win in a fight, Starfire or Ahsoka Tano?
Who would be the victor out of Rocky Balboa and Apollo Creed vs Batman in a boxing match, and why?
Who would win a fight between Wolverine and Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight between a Pit Bull Terrier and a wolf?
What would happen if Hitler were to meet the Joker?
Who would win, Me with a gun versus a Navy SEAL with a knife?
In a duel of hand-to-hand combat alone, who would come out on top between John Wick versus Hitman: Agent 47?
Who would win: 100 Bruce Lees or 2 silverback gorillas?
Who is the most powerful character an adult Jack-Jack from The Incredibles can defeat?
Can a Doberman fight off a wolf?
Who would win this match: Dr Strange Vs Voldermort?
Who would win out of MCU Thor armed with an unkillable/unbreakable shark that can still bite versus MCU Hulk armed with a toilet plunger, and why?
Who's the strongest character One Punch Man can beat in the MCU...without throwing punches?
Who would win, the MCU Celestial Star-Lord or Thanos without the Infinity Stones?
Who would win in a fight between a coyote and a Basenji?
Who would win, Obama, Putin and Kim Jong-un are mech pilots in a 3-way brawl?
Who would win this punch-up: The Cold Family vs Perfect Cell?
Who would win, Skitter vs. Ant Man?
In a battle between a full grown Triceratops and Tyrannosaurus Rex, who would usually win?
Who, if anyone, from Super Smash Bros. could defeat Thanos?
Who would win in a battle between Nazi Germany , USSR , and ISIS vs. USA?
If there were a war between Luxemburg and the Netherlands, who would win?
Who would win, Chimpanzee vs a combat Champion?
Sweet Dee runs a bird gauntlet
Who would win in a fight, Joffrey or Robin Arryn?
Who would be the winner out of Aragorn vs Black Panther, and why?
Who would win this battle: Tai Lung vs Hawlucha?
How did the Korean War start?
Who would win in a war between Italy and Germany?
Who would win, Short of god-level beings, and folks who can timetravel back and kill Banner in the past, who could defeat the Hulk in a straight-on combat?
Who would win, Darth Vader or the Guardians of the Galaxy?
You win a raffle and receive a check for $10,000. What are you spending it on?
Battle royale of the intentionally ridiculous, over the top, badass motherfuckers.
Who would come out on top out of The Dragonborn vs Wonder Woman: Detailed analysis, and why?
Superman Prime vs. Super Saiyan God Goku: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight between Captain America and Spiderman?
Which resistance movement was the most effective in WW2, the French or the Polish?
Who would win if France unleashed a war with the UK today?
Who would win: Goku, Superman or Saitama?
Which FAGA company is winning the AI race right now, or is it some Chinese company we don't know about?
Who would win in a fight with modern day weapons KKK, ISIS, or Nazis?
Why didn't Israel feel afraid that Turkey or Iran might invade them in the future? Who would win in the event that there are war between them?
In a hypothetical battle, who would win in a fight between Elsa and Killer Frost?
How can you tell if a "fighter" is undisciplined by examining their behaviour in battle?
ALL dogs vs. ALL cats on earth
Who would win in a fight, a human or the predator?
Who do you think would win in a battle between Madara Uchiha and Itachi Uchiha?
Who would win, Yoda vs Obi-Wan Kenobi?
Who would win in a battle between feudal Europeans knights and Japanese samurai?
What was the better battleship, the Richelieu or the Vittorio Veneto?
Are others worried about having to live through World War III?
Sheriff Bigby Wolf vs. Shrek: Who would claim victory?
This Team Runs A Gauntlet
Who will win in a fight between Lex Luther armed with his suit and Batman?
Who would win between a Siberian tiger and a grizzly bear?
Who would win in a battle: a Gorilla or a pack of twenty Wolves?
Who would win, Batman vs Sherlock Holmes?
In a regional war on the African continent, who would win a war between North Africa and West Africa?
Who would win, Dresden Files Mouse vs Steven Universe's Lion?
Which is better, FP or batxillerat?
Who would win this duel: Mace Windu finds and watches a box set of the Star Wars Prequels just before the events of The Phantom Menace. can Palpatine still take over the galaxy?
Who would win in a fight between Khan and Deadpool?
yhwach can beat kaguya?
Who'd win, Nick Fury vs the secret of Wakanda . Is it conceivable that Nick knew about Wakanda before the end of Black Panther?
What is the strongest vampire that Detlaff van der Eretein can beat?
Who would win a fight between Mighty Mouse and Underdog?
Who would win in a fight: Han Solo or Malcolm Reynolds?
Lets talk range!
How might a war between Norway and Sweden unfold?
You get one Nuclear Bomb to cause as much havoc in the modern world as you can. Where do you fire it? Who would win?
Who would win a fight between Iron Fist and Daredevil?
Who would be the champion out of Vampire Hunter D vs Sol Badguy, and why?
Who do you think is stronger: Itachi Uchiha or Jiraiya?
Who'd win, Genos vs Vegeta?
Who would win in a fight between Voldemort and Salazar Slytherin?
Who would win, Batman vs Darkseid?
Who would win in a fight, Sakura or Bulma?
Which fictional Hitler could solo peak historical Hitler?
Which battle did the white settlers win?
How would a fight between a Rottweiler and a hyena play out?
Who would win, a black mamba or a roadrunner?
Who would win in a fight between Snoke and Cthulhu?
You in full space marine combat armor with a bolter and chain-sword vs Walking Dead Zombies! Who would win?
Fallout 4 mech vs obadaiha stanes armour
Who is the weakest character that can outdrink composite Fox Family Man?
Could Gandalf have fought Smaug as he did the Balrog? Were Smaug and the Balrog similar in power?
Who would be the champion out of Everything in MCU vs everything in Star Wars, and why?
Kevin from Home Alone vs Krampus: Who would be the winner?
How many zombies could all the presidents of the US kill before becoming zombies themselves?
Who would win out of Kvoth versus Rand versus Aang, and why?
What would happen if the US lost a World War?
Who will win the India vs. Australia CWC semifinal?
Who'd win, 1 team of 7 navy seals have 2 years of prep to raid an american army base filled with 25 army soldiers. Can they raid it and win?
Who would win out of Brains vs strength, and why?
Who'd win, The Last Dragonborn and Link take on a horde of vampires comprised of vampires from all across fantasy?
Who would win, Hafthor Bjornsson vs Animals?
Who would win this combat: Thanos with the infinity gauntlet versus Steven Hawking with a cosmic cube?
Featured Character: Rena Sayers
Commander Shepard vs General Shepherd ... in raising sheep: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight between a Xenomorph Queen and Darth Maul?
Who would be victorious out of Mitt Romney vs. Barack Obama, and why?
How could you win horse race? By putting money on jockey or horse?
Chronic masturbator vs sex addict: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Old Man Skywalker vs. Avengers hard-mode gauntlet?
Who is the weakest character that can survive Black Bolt reading Navy Seal copypasta?
What's an example of when 'slow and steady wins the race'?
How would a typical battle during the English Civil War have been fought? What would the order of battle have been? What weapons were used? What formations and tactics were considered effective?
What would happen if the Eastern European countries declared war on the Western European countries in an attempt to break away from the EU?
To combat the rising threat of another containment breach the SCP Foundation has brought on a new staff member. His only former position was the warden at a place called Superjail.
Every shark on Earth vs. Every crocodile and alligator on Earth
How do I win rock-paper-scissors versus a computer?
Who'd win, Agents of DIO and Pucci + Passione take on MCU Wakanda?
Why do people ask this question about who would win a war between two countries? Is this really a question to ask, especially here?
Who would win this duel: Ultra Instinct Goku vs Flash's Infinite Mass Punch?
Who would win in a war, the USA or Canada?
Who would win a conventional war between North Korea and South Korea, assuming no outside help?
Who would win out of Bran Stark, Charles Xavier, the Purple Man, Gorilla Grodd, Martian Manhunter, Obi-wan Kenobi, and Voldemort are all on the edge of a bridge trying to get the others to jump off, and why?
Who would win, 12 Tien Shinhan Students vs Tienshinhan?
Who would win in a fight, Speed of Sound Sonic from One Punch Man or Sonic The Hedgehog?
Who would win, Mike Tyson Vs one of Edison's boxing cats increased to the size of Mike Tyson?
I think I may have a way to deal with the SuperBatFlash problem.
Who'd win, Toph Bei Fong vs. Gaara of the Sand?
What's the strongest alien invasion that couldn't conquer the Land of Hyrule?
Is the Caribbean safe if there was to be a World War 3?
Would you pay to see a fight between Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather?
Who would win, Komodo dragon or Bengal tiger?
If we have a face off between an American lion and a cave lion, who would win?
What is the latest point in history at which the modern US military could single-handedly 5/10 the combined military might of the entire world?
Who would have the edge out of A man with a garden hoe vs a man with a baseball bat, and why?
Who would win between Bruce Lee and Arnold Schwarzenegger if they had fought?
SSJ3 Superman vs Son Goku: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between Magneto and Juggernaut?
Who will win the football match between 1930's uruguay versus 2016's philipines?
Who wins in a battle between White Crown Phoenix and Galactus?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Nihilus and Darth Sidious?
King Shark vs Grodd
Who would win in a fight between all the famous Quora writers?
If all the nations of Africa/Asia/Europe decided to unite and declare war on the United States, who would win?
Are military aircraft useless in modern day war against strong countries like Russia and China? Because aircraft carrier won't be able to get close and even if it manages to get in anti-air weapons will knock them down in few minutes.
Who would win in a fight between a professional powerlifter woman and an average man?
Who will win in AFC, Ajax versus Nice, in the UEFA Europa League?
Prime Wolverine vs. Thor: Who would claim victory?
Who would win between Rick Sanchez and The War Doctor?
Roger the Kangaroo vs Harambe the Gorilla vs a Tiger vs a Grizzly Bear vs a Polar Bear. Who Would Win?
Albus Dumbledore vs Chancellor Palpatine: who'd win a political debate?
Friendship: Had a fight with my best friend. what should I do?
Who would win, Future Trunks vs SSJ2 Future Trunks?
Who would win in a fight, Superboy or Naruto?
Who would win between Mr Modi and a cow in the next elections in India?
If all ants became sentient and began to attempt to kill all humans, who would win?
Is America trying to win the supercomputing "race"?
Batman vs master chief... in a boxing match: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight, Cosmic Armor Superman, Cosmic Spiderman, Dr. Manhattan, or Franklin Richards?
ISiS beheads John wicks dog
Rocket Raccoon comes to Earth and is instantly worshiped by all the trash pandas in the world. He decides to conquer it: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a nuclear war between Britain and North Korea?
Who would be the victor out of Elon Musk becomes president and is 24/7 whacked out of his mind on drugs; with his newfound position and crazy-ass ideas, what is the largest object he could blast into space, and why?
Every President is now in a fist-fighting tournament.
If war will happened in the present time, what will happen?
Who would win in a massive fight between Charles Xavier, Magneto, Cyclops, Wolverine, and Jean Grey vs Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor, and Black Widow?
Who would win in a war between the tribes of the Aborigines and the Maori?
Feeling salty about not being able to take on the Sun, a trillion lions with access to boom tubes decide to take over another universe. What is the strongest universe they can become the dominant species of?
Who'd win, The 1908 Cubs VS The 1996 Bulls VS The1985 Bears VS The 2005 White Sox VS The 2015 Blackhawks?
Who would win in a battle between Spawn and the Dragon Ball Universe?
A classic: lions v. tigers v. bears
Who would win out of Beast Boy vs. Our World, and why?
Who would win this combat: star trek universe vs HST?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Mare Barrow?
Who would win, Michael Phelps vs. white water rapids?
Who'd win, Sentry vs Doomsday?
Who would win in a war between Rome under Gaius Marius and the Mongols under Genghis Khan?
Can Batman defeat Black Superman Prime?
Who wins, Superman or Vampire Hunter D?
Could a modern MMA fighter defeat a caveman in a fight?
Who'd win, Olivia Wilde with gamma-radiated vagina dentata vs a brain-washed super-soldier version of Prairie Dawn from Sesame Street?
Who would win, Thranduil vs Dain Ironfoot?
Could Batman defeat Doomsday? If so, how?
Hypothetical Battles: Who will win in an all-out conventional war between France and Germany?
Who would win, the superheroes of the DCTV vs DCEU?
For some odd reason or another, Mr. Krabs has stolen Liam Neeson's daughter, and Liam Neeson has kidnapped all of Mr. Krabs's money. Who would win?
What would have happened if an army of Chinese Ming warriors fought an army of Japanese Samurais? Who would win?
Who is more likely to be triumphant in a fight, the ridgeback or the Boerboel?
Are we on the verge of World War III? If so, do you think the internet has helped to slow down our self destruction?
Rational man vs 6 bear sized raccoons: Who would come out on top?
Who would win if Rin and Yukio fought Angel?
Brain Slugs vs Brain spawn: Who would be the champion?
Mewtwo vs. Shadow: Who would come out on top?
Why do girls want to fistfight with me for no reason?
Who will win the war between humans, nature, and Allah?
Who would win, Plot of Marvel vs. Capcom 3?
How many saltwater crocodiles would it take to kill Batman?
Who would win this fight: Talion vs your favorite universe?
Who would win, Octopus vs. domestic cat?
Infinity War, but Iron Man is replaced with Darth Vader
Shrek runs a gauntlet of the Punch Out characters
You trained by Wonder Woman vs You trained by Batman vs you trained by Superman Who would win?
Who would win, Super Skrull/Kl'rt or Magneto?
Most famous living philosopher vs Most famous living physicist
Who would win a war between Morocco and Iceland?
Who would win a fight, a grizzly bear or a moose?
Who would win in a fight between The Flash and Quicksilver?
Who would win in a fight between Luffy and Coby?
If Ali fought Tyson in 2016, who will win that fight?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Darkseid?
Chess Vs Words With Friends: Who would be the victor?
Gregor Clegane vs Khal Drogo vs Bronn: Who would have the edge?
Who would win out of North Korea with an unlimited supply of methamphetamine and Chinese dumplings vs Morgoth, Sauron, and friends, and why?
When all hope seems lost during the Battle of Wakanda, a massive beam of light crashes down in the middle of the two warring armies. Stepping out of the light, Chaos Blades in hands, Leviathan Axe slung across his back, is Kratos, the Greek God of War.
Who is the strongest person Kung Fury can beat?
Who would win in a war between Japan and Sri Lanka?
Who'd win, Scorpion vs Superman?
Dr. Doom Vs. All of Hell from DOOM: Who would win?
In a war between South Africa and Zimbabwe, who would win?
All animals gain the power to fly and use ki blasts, which one wins?
If Superman and The Flash had a game of chess, who would win?
My first post here: a rat vs. 10,000 ants
Who would win: Spock, The Rock, or Doc Ock?
Who would win a fight between Brock Lesnar and Ryback?
Who'd win, Donald Trump, Barack Obama, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, Ronald Reagan, and Jimmy Carter all sit down for a game of Diplomacy?
If Human eating giants suddenly invaded the world, specifically giants in the anime Shingeki No Kyojin, how would humanity's military fair against these foes? How would you counter attack?
Who would win this fight: Ant vs mankind?
Who'd win, Humanity vs Chimera Ants?
Who would be the winner out of Big Bird vs Barney the Dinosaur, and why?
Participation Trophy for April 2018 Week 1
In a hypothetical battle, who would win in a fight between Xenia Onatopp and Elektra King?
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Strange or The Flash?
Two Bruce Lees vs One Mike Tyson in a boxing ring no rules: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between Colossus and Wolverine?
Movie/TV Off-Topic Discussion
Who would have the edge out of ASDF Movie mascots... Potato vs. Mine Turtle, and why?
Who would win in a battle between terminator T-800 and Pennywise?
Who would come out on top out of Captain America vs A Flying Lion, and why?
Who would win, The Homonculi vs. The Avatars?
If Huckleberry Finn and Moon Shadow Lee fought a lightsaber battle, which would win?
Which would win in a fight between an aggressive wolf and an aggressive panther?
Who would win a fight between the Sentry and Loki?
Who would win in a war between all humans and all ants the size of humans?
Who would win in a battle between 5 Leopard 1 tanks and one Leopard 2 tank?
Who would win in a battle between Mace Windu and Anakin Skywalker, if Anakin is equipped with Darksaber?
Are there any street level superheros that could possibly beat Spiderman?
Who would win in a free for all war between the Starcraft universe and the Warcraft universe? Why?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight between Jaime "Kingslayer" Lannister and Syrio Forel?
Who would win this combat: Gypsy Danger vs Everybody?
Who can win in a fight between thrillers Werewolf and Marvels’ Wendigo?
Who would win this battle: Darth Vader vs. The entire current population of Canada?
Who would win this duel: Lord Voldemort & Accelerator vs. DBS Verse?
Come up with a situation where Queen Elizabeth II could beat Darth Vader in a fight.
Who is the strongest person these characters I created in middle school could beat in a fight?
Who would win this fight: The Galactic Empire vs The God of War universe?
Who would win in a fight, a zombie or a vampire?
If the 109th IJA Division fought the entire Order of the Knights Teutonic, who would win?
Who would win, China and Russia vs the European Union, in a war?
Who would win this match: Sony vs. Microsoft vs. Nintendo?
Who would win this duel: Lucario vs Renamon?
Who can Elsa beat, if...
Who wins between MCU’s Avengers or DCEU’s Justice League?
Who would win, The Black Knight VS the Dark Knight?
Who would win in a fight: Jack Reacher or Hannibal Lecter?
Who would win in a fight between Surtur and Iceman? Why?
The Hulk vs Superman: Who would be the victor?
What do Russians think about the Syrian War and Russia’s alliances with Syria and Iran?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of 2 guys each with a flamethrower VS 100,000,000,000 fire ants, and why?
Who would win Kylo Ren vs Goku?
How many dinosaurs could Michael Bay Optimus Prime take?
Who would win in a fight, Deadpool or the T-1000, with both of them only able to use swords and a pistol?
Who would win this punch-up: Thor vs All might?
If an F1 driver debut's at Monaco and wins every race afterwards can he win the championship?
Who would win in a war between China and Europe vs the USA?
Who would win a fight between Molecule Man and Superman?
Who would win a war between Andorra and San Marino?
Who would win in a battle between a wolf and a sun bear?
Why do we Indians start our vehicle and raise the accelerator at an orange light and want to win a race?
Who would win, Super Perfect Cell vs Ginyu Force?
Who would win this punch-up: Pinkie Pie vs. Deadpool?
How will president trump react if Doug Jones wins the Alabama senate race tomorrow?
Who would win, Joseph Joestar vs Lightning McQueen?
Could any version of Samus defeat Mother Brain without an assist from The Baby?
Who would win, Bill and Ted vs Doctor Who. Wait! Bear with me?
Who would win a war between India and Canada? Why?
Who would win in a battle between 2 M1A1 Abrams tanks and 1 M1A2 Abrams tank?
Who'd win, Sasquatch vs. Moth-man?
Who would win, Captain America vs Angel Dust?
Titans invade modern day earth, can they be stopped?
Who would be the victor out of 616 Captain America vs the Machop evolution tree, and why?
Who would win, Galactus vs The Living Tribunal?
Who would win this combat: Finn and Jake replace the protagonist in each major Fallout game . How well do they do in each game?
The death note falls on earth, what character besides Light Yagami could have become god of the new world?
Who would win in a fight between Steve Jobs in a tank and Bill Gates in a fighter jet?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Rhino with a Gumball Machine vs Superman, and why?
Who would win, Vegeta Vs Sasuke?
Which team will win between Nottingham versus Blackburn?
Why do many people praise Vietnam's victory over the U.S. while the Vietnamese don't feel proud of it?
Who would win this duel: A Cheetah vs Deathstroke?
Who would win in a battle between a toothless and clawless lion and a leopard?
Every living alumnus of Columbia University vs. the nation of Colombia
Who will win in a fight between Thor and Hercules?
Instead of the avengers a group of warriors from different universes try to stop the mad Titan from acquiring the mind and reality stones.
Tensions are currently high between North Korea and China. If we go to war, will we win?
What was the difference between the first and second Italo-Ethiopian Wars? How did the Italians lose the first but win the second?
Who'd win, A large, fully grown hippopotamus or ten wild boars?
In Overwatch, how do I win a deathmatch without good shooting skills?
Who would win this brawl: Brain Freeze vs Diarrhea?
An Ostrich versus a Horse
Where did Dhuryodhana get defeated?
Who will win in a war between Na'vis from Avatar and the Prawns from District 9?
Who would win, Batman Beyond vs Spider-Man 2099?
Who would win in a fight, a bee or a guppy?
Who would be the victor out of Marth and Link Switch places, do they both still succeed, and why?
Who is stronger: a Labrador or a German Shepherd?
Who would win out of Bruce Wayne vs 20 pit bulls, and why?
Who would win a war between Panama and Tunisia?
If WW3 broke out, how would you be able to tell your experience to your children?
Classic Batman becomes a hero in the One Punch Man world
Who would win in a fight, Yoda or ET?
What real-life historical figures would be worthy enough to lift Thor's Mjolnir?
616 Black Panther steals MCU Black Panther's suit
Who would win in a battle between a Roman Army with modern communications and the Mongol Army without?
Who would win this brawl: One guy who has all the powers of the avengers VS The avengers?
Who would win in a fight, Gorr or the current Superman?
What would win in a drag race, a 1971 Plymouth Hemi Cuda or 1970 Oldsmobile 442 W-30?
Could Hank Hill Defeat Goku ?
Who would win in an ODI cricket match between the current Indian team at its best and the 2003-2007 Australian team at its best?
Who would win in a battle between 10 Mark V tanks and an M3 Stuart?
Stormtroopers are suddenly as capable as navy seals, but Obiwan is more powerful than in his youth and Luke and Leia are naturally more gifted than their father and learn quickly. Who wins?
Who would win out of Lt. Commander Data vs. General Grievous, and why?
How was Israel able to win every single war with its Arab neighbors?
Who would win this fight: Slowpokes were discovered in our world around the same time as pandas. Would they be closer to extinction or even more prioritized than pandas today?
If the best hand-to-hand fighters from Marvel, DC, DBZ, Mortal Kombat, and Street Fighter fought in the King Of Iron Fist Tournament, who would win?
Who will win if there is a war between India and China? Which countries will surely support India?
Who would be the winner out of SSJ2 Teen Gohan vs LSSJ Broly, and why?
Who would win in a war between the UK and the whole of Africa?
Who'd win, MAN VS. BEAR?
/r/whowouldwin's hatred of the Hulk vs /r/whowouldwin's love of DBZ: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Hit vs Black Bolt?
How would a war between Great Britain and Russia play out?
Who in your opinion, with their feats from a single and first movie/episode can take a majority over MCU Cap and/or Winter Soldier in a h2h fight
Who'd win, A full grown kodiak grizzly bear vs a Siberian tiger?
Who would win, Iron Man vs Eva?
Asta vs Dr. Strange movie: Who would be the victor?
If a civil war broke out between the Blacks and Hispanics in Los Angeles, would Donald Trump send in the National Guard?
Who would win in a war between Italy and Croatia without NATO intervention?
For 70,000 dollars, you must take care of a different dinosaur, everyday for one week. Can you do it?
Which will win: Maus tank versus T-80 tank?
Who would win in a rap battle between Lil Wayne and Eminem?
Who would be the winner out of Ethan Winters VS. Chris Washington, and why?
Who would claim victory out of Rattlesnake jake vs lord Shen vs puss in boots, and why?
Who would win in a fight: a lion or a velociraptor?
Who would win, Francesco de’ Pazzi or Lupe?
Who would win, Imperiex or Lobo?
Awakened Garou vs Ant King Meruem
Who would win in a war between Chad and Mali, supposing all other nations remained neutral and did not interfere?
What was the fight between Axl Rose and Slash about?
Who would win in a war between a modern Israeli army and a hypothetical World-War-II army made of USA, UK, Soviet Union, Germany, Japan, and how/why?
Who is the strongest character that this team could beat?
North Korea launches a nuke at Seoul and/or Tokyo tomorrow, what is the likely scenario that would play out?
With cross-platform play, mouse and keyboard versus controller, who do you think will win?
Can the US beat China in a war? How?
How many Care Bears would it take to kill Superman?
Who would win, 12 Year Old Helen Keller vs. Present Day Steven Hawking?
a wolf vs. a naked human with a stone hatchet: Who would be the victor?
The NCAA Basketball Tournament, except it's a deathmatch between the team's mascots
You in a fight to death vs all of your ex-girlfriends
Who would win this punch-up: Eren Jaeger vs Shadow of the Colossus?
Who'd win, Goku vs ryu?
If WW3 breaks out, where would Turkey stand, and what would be their fate?
Who will win if Milkha Singh and Paan Singh Tomar participate in the same race?
Who would win this battle: Wolverine vs composite samurai?
Who would win, Saitama or Broly?
A character you like is summoned for the Holy Grail War.
Who would win, Deadshot vs Batman?
Which race would win if all were at war and there were no guns or missiles?
Red Panda vs Fennec Fox: Who would have the edge?
President Obama vs. You: Who would be the winner?
What would have happened if an army led by Ivan the terrible fought an equally large army led by William the Conqueror? Who would win?
Who is the weakest being whose punch could physically break captain america's shield.
Can John Snow keep Yogi Bear beyond the wall?
Who would win in a fight between Chichi, Bulma and Android 18?
Who would win between the UK versus the USA in 2017?
Every Fighting Type Pokémon specialist battles each other in a tournament... without their Pokémon.
What are some small yet important battles that occurred in WW2?
How can I have an audition for MCU?
Who would win this fight: Dr. Doom makes a bet with Reed Richards and Batman that he can live and cure The Joker in a single week, can he do it? Or will Joker drive him mad?
Who would win a fight, a Hippo or a Great White Shark?
Who'd win, Helen Keller with a shotgun vs Stephen Hawking with a chainsaw attached to the side of his wheelchair?
Who would win in a battle to the death Ghost Rider vs Firestorm, Nova, Human Torch, and Doctor Strange?
Who would win in a fight between Pikachu and Batman?
If All Might was in the world of One Punch Man would he make S class? If so, what rank would he be?
Who would win a land battle between 1,000 Green Berets and 1,000 Navy Seals?
Who would win in a battle between 5 coyotes vs 1 wolf?
In a hypothetical battle of Westeros, who would win a fight between Robb Stark and Jon Snow?
Who would win, Punisher vs Moon Knight/Mark Spector?
Who would win, Mike Tyson in hospital prime pumped full of cocaine vs a Bengal tiger?
Get your Superhero/Supervillain name. Get your powers. Who can you beat?
Tyranids vs Bear!Flood: Who would be the victor?
Would a fight between 2 speedsters be quick or long?
Who would win, Dypso vs Sonic and Mighty and Shadow and Nazo?
Who's the strongest person in the Marvel universe the Major Kusanagi could defeat?
Who would win in a fight: Solid Snake or Big Boss?
Who would win in a fight, Dumbledore or Thanos?
Who would win this combat: MCU Thor vs Space Ghost?
Who would win in a war if Napoleon and Sun Tzu both had the same army and the same resources?
Bruce Wayne fights through a boxing Gauntlet
Who would win this match: Person with lots of experience VS highly trained algorithm?
The battle of the big cats!
Who'd win, Dr. Manhattan vs. Shrek?
Who would win in a fight between an M1 Abrams tank and a Challenger 2?
Considering the current world affairs, is it reasonable to believe WW3 is imminent?
GOP Presidential Nomination Race : What's the worst thing that could plausibly happen if Ron Paul wins?
Who would win, Saitama vs. Goku?
Who would come out on top out of Featherine Augustus Aurora vs Ultimate Madoka, and why?
You and 10 Humans of your choice in the ultimate Zombocalypse. Who would win?
The Flood vs. Tamriel vs. the Reapers vs. 100,000 Silverback Gorillas vs. Solid Snake and Raiden vs. Master Chief: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, Yang Xiao Long and Nora Valkyrie Vs. the Hulk and Thor?
Who would win in a bare-knuckle brawl: Captain America or The Punisher?
Who would win in a 6 person hell-in-a-cell match between Superman, Hyperion, Sentry, Thor, Shazam, and Black Adam?
Could the USA nuke China in case of WW3 with North Korea?
Who would win this punch-up: Jaws vs Jaws?
Who would win in a fight, Iron Man or Captain America?
What's the strongest or biggest animal you could take on if you had a katana?
Who would win, A T-rex versus a lion scaled up to the same size of the T-rex?
Who'd win, Metal Bat vs. Captain America?
Who would win, Benny Delon or Silva Zoldyck?
who is the strongest being Saitama could actually take out with one punch?
For winning an F1 race, does it come down to the car or the driver?
Every superhero movie in a contest for which one I should watch
Who'd win, Actual EoS Naruto vs Fanwank EoS Naruto?
In a fight between Doomsday and Darkseid, who would win, and how would the fight play out?
Leviathan replaces the Sea King . Can Saitama punch him before he destroys Japan.
Which would win, Assertor Super Star Destroyer versus Viscount Star Defender?
Who'd win, Name a little-known or unknown character who you think could defeat some popular high-tier characters in combat?
How many bloodlusted 6th graders on PCP weilding claw hammers would it take to kill a full grown polar bear?
Who would win in a fight between Daleks and Cybermen?
Saurian hunts your favorite street tier character through a rainforest at night.
pinky and the brain vs the mice from hitchhikers guide to the galaxy: Who would have the edge?
Who would win a fight between Khabib nurmagomedov and Demian Maia?
Who is the weakest character that can singlehandedly defend The Shield ?
"We few...we happy few" : Westeros' War of the Five Kings has just begun when a final king arrives: Henry V and his English Army. How does the course of Westeros' history change?
Random hero battle.
Who would win in a fight, Black Adam or Shazam?
What are some of the best instances of sledging in cricket?
If there were a war between Denmark and Finland, who would win?
Who can swim faster? You swimming in water vs aquaman swimming in syrup?
Who would win in a war between the United States and every army in history before 1600, assuming that each nation only gets the army they had at the peak of their rule?
Without deforestation or WMDs, what's the smallest military force, historical or fictional, that could successfully invade and occupy Black Marsh for a year?
If 12,000 knights and 12,000 samurai fought to the last soldier, who would win?
Who's the strongest person DC's not-quite-Marvel characters can beat
10 Fictional Detectives are assigned to find out the identity of Kira . Who succeeds and who fails: Who would be the winner?
The Sisters of Battle happen upon the Halo Universe.
An average Mobian vs. Captain America
Who would win in a fight between a gorilla and a pack of 5 velociraptors?
Who would win this brawl: China VS: Japan, South Korea, and India?
Who'd win, Clifford vs a T-rex?
What is the strongest living animal that a Tyrannosaurus Rex could kill?
If the Predators were in Dead Space video games, graphic novels and animated prequel films, what'll be the worst case scenario?
What would have happen if an army of Indian Rajput warriors fought an army of Red Indian Apache? Who would win?
You vs Another Redditor In a rap battle Who would win?
If IT encountered a boggart , what form would they each take on, and if they fought, who would win?
Which would win in a battle between a kestrel and a peregrine falcon?
If an alien invasion was just troops on the ground from both sides, who would win?
Southern Elephant Seal VS Polar bear: Who would win?
Who would win in the octagon, Lord Voldemort or a skilled MMA champion, with no magic at all?
In a match of pure swordsmanship, who would win between Komamura Sajin, Samurai Jack and Plo Koon?
If the top universities in the world fought against one another to the death, who would win?
WHO THE HELL in any comic book/manga character can beat saitama?
In a fight between Jason Voorhees and a Warhammer 40k Space Marine, who would win?
Johnny Cash falls into a fire started by Billy Joel. Does he survive?
Who would win in a fight between Godzilla and the Teen Titans?
Who would win a hypothetical war between North Korea and the United States? How long would it take?
How would you go about being victorious in WWII if you were in Hitler's place over the Axis?
Who would win in a fight between Muhammad Ali in his prime and Floyd Mayweather?
Who would win, Pokémon vs Digimon?
Mythology: Who would win in a fight between Hercules and Superman?
If the United Federation of planets were to get involved in any of the wars that occurred in the Star Wars Galaxy, would their diplomacy be able to put an end these wars?
Altair vs. Saitama: Who would win?
Who would win, Jason Bourn Vs. Sterling Archer in a boxing match?
Who would win this match: Underworld vampires vs True Blood vampires?
A bet with God ...
Who would win, Yoko Kurama vs Kurama the ninetails fox?
Soda Popinski vs Bald Bull: Who would win?
Hunger Games of Beatles song characters
What non-serialized show gains the most power if they don't forget about their episodic solutions, inventions, methods, and buffs each week?
Who would win this duel: Indominus Rex vs 1 million bloodlusted cats?
Who would win in a battle between a wolf and a gibbon?
Hypothetical Wars: Who would win in a war between Austria-Hungary and South Vietnam?
Who would win if two players copied their moves in chess?
Who would win, Dr. Gero, Dr. Eggman, Dr. Wily, Dr. Doofenschmirtz, Megamind, Syndrome, and Gru combine their resources to make one combat robot...can this creation defeat the following gauntlet?
Your favourite television protagonist is now an orangutan; how does this affect the show?
Who would win, Super Buu vs Jiren?
Who would win a war between Turkey and the USA in Syria?
Who would win a war between Turkey and India, if they would be neighbors?
Who would win in a battle of the Hamills; Luke Skywalker versus the Joker?
Which NFL team with a winning record and currently in the playoff race will most likely lose steam as the end of the season draws near?
Who would win this combat: Prep-Time Battle: Black Panther Vs. Spider-Man?
Who would win, Chaos vs Krillin?
Who would win out of Luffy and Thor?
Deadhead vs Deadpool: Who would be the winner?
Superman exposed to kryptonite vs Goku without powers: Who would have the edge?
Who will win a fight between Magneto and Green Lantern?
If Quora and Wikipedia fought each other virtually, which would win?
Who would be the winner out of Vampire Batman vs Blade, and why?
Human intelligence in the body of a gazelle hunting a lion.
Who'd win, Narwhal vs. Walrus?
Who would win in a fight between Hairman and Baldman?
Aunt May vs Martha Kent vs Jigsaw: Who would win?
Who'd win, Two adult male grizzly bears vs one adult male African elephant?
Which would win a race between the Porsche Panamera Turbo and the Tesla Model S P85D?
Can Superman beat Goku?
Who'd win, Lady Sif vs Wonder Woman?
If there is war between India and China and if India wins, will that lead to Tibet's freedom?
King Hippo. Now he's indestructible unless his pants are falling down. Who can this big guy beat?
You have to pick 1 movies that was released in the same month of the year you were born and pick it's main character to fight another character from another user. Who Would Win?
Who would be the winner out of Me with a baseball bat vs you, and why?
Who'd win, HB vs Wolverine?
Who would win in a fight, Aang, Batman, Sakura, Danny Phantom or Krillin?
Who would win in a war STRICTLY between America, Britain, and France vs Russia, China, and India excluding all other allies for some reason?
In a fight between Ser Arthur Dayne and Ra's Al Ghul, who'd win?
Which US President could resist the One Ring for the longest?
Who would win in a fight between Achilles and Siegfried?
What would happen in North Korea fired a missile across the border? Will World War 3 happen?
Who would win, Dumbledore and Voldemort vs. All other HP characters combined?
Who would win, Weakest character that can defeat Crocodile without water? Or any liquid based attacks?
Who would win this fight: Dr. Doom vs Mr. Fantastic, with a twist?
Who would have the edge out of Brock Lesnar in his prime and Anderson Silva in his prime vs a full grown gorilla, and why?
Which one of those badasses would win the Game of Thrones?
Can a human easily win a fight against a big bear or a big ape if he has a firearm?
What superhero team would run the best restaurant?
If all 44 U.S. Presidents were placed equidistant from each other on the edge of the Colosseum and were to fight, who would win?
Each Disney animated movie against the others
How would World War II have played out if Mussolini had properly prepared Italy for it the way Hitler did with Germany?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of North Korea vs The Empire of Japan, and why?
Who would win in a fight between the Mountain and Barristan Selmy?
Who would win in a fight between Ben Affleck's Batman versus Ra's al Ghul?
team marvel vs team shonen: Who would have the edge?
Who will win if Salman and Akshay fought with other?
Who would win out of Batman is cursed so that his strength and agility is equivalent to a real-world peak human, and not the 1,000 pound lifting monster that he is in the comics. Who can beat him now that couldn't beat him before, and why?
Why does Dr. Strange not tell Tony what exactly is needed to be done to win?
Who would win a fight to the death, Grizzly Bear vs Anaconda?
Who'd win, Spanish Bull VS Bull Moose?
Who would win in a fight between 1 wolf and 10 raccoons?
Who would win this match: Vice Admiral Vergo vs Senator Steven Armstrong?
Who would win in a war between ISIS and Hezbollah?
How much would it cost to fight WW3?
Who'd win, Wonder Woman vs Ghost Rider?
How do non-Trump Republicans feel in early May about the GOP's candidate and chances of winning the presidential race?
Who would be a good match for Stella ?
Who would win in a fight, Sakura or Pan?
Out of all the characters Samuel L Jackson plays, who would win in a fight.
Who would win in the Battle between Hulk and hanuman?
Who would win between 450,000 modern U.S. soldiers and 2 million WW2 era U.S. soldiers?
If Hitler had immediately blitzkrieged the USA, what would have happened?
Are there still any formaly declared wars between sovering states curently ongoing?
What would happen if Mexico invaded the U.S. with the goal of taking back all territory it had lost during the Mexican-American War?
Who would win a battle between Hannibal and Chandragupta Maurya with similar army strength similar technology just different strategies according to the personalities?
Who would win, a pack of 30 velociraptors or 5 fully grown gorillas?
If Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and Governor Jesse Ventura fought each other to death, who would win?
Who'd win, Goku Black and Zamasu vs Nu52 Superman and Wonder Woman?
If all the people and all the animals go to war, which side would win?
Who would win between a Giraffe and a Quetzalcoatl?
Who would win in a war between Konoha and the other 4 major villages during Minato's era?
Who would win this brawl: Spider-man vs Tai Lung?
Who would win in a death battle between Hulk and Deadpool?
Who would win in a battle between a group of Homo neanderthalensis and a group of Homo erectus?
Feats-only Abrahamic God vs Goku.
Who would win, Kin Gaku vs Seishuu Ri?
Who would win in a fight, Heimdall from the comics or Lord Elrond from Lord of the Rings?
What would your reaction be if we went to war with North Korea and you were a marine aboard a ship, your mission was to secure a beachhead and the night before battle you were told there would be 85% casualties?
What would have been the impact on the world if Germany had won the war?
Who would win, Female Great White Shark vs Male Saltwater Crocodile?
Who would win this combat: Professor Frink vs. Professor Failsworth?
Who would come out on top out of Aang vs naruto vs goku, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Negaduck and Reverse Flash?
Who would win a three way battle between Master Yoda, Gandalf The Grey, and Albus Dumbledore?
Who would win in a war between the top half of the equator and the bottom?
Who would win a battle between meat eaters and vegans?
Who was the best among Bheeshma, Karna and Balarama? Was there any fight between them?
Fighter Jet Showdown: Future
What if Spectre went up against Ghost Rider?
Who would win in a battle between Thor after the events of Thor: Ragnarok and Thor before Mjolnir got destroyed?
Can Saudi Arabia beat Pakistan in a war?
Who would have the edge out of Iron Monger vs Whiplash, and why?
Do we always need to win the life race?
Would you rather have a broadsword or a pistol with one bullet in a fight?
Could Bear Grylls escape from North Korea?
In a fight between ten Para , ten MARCOS and ten GARUD commandos who will emerge the winner?
Who would win this match: Jack Skellington vs Tony the Tiger?
Batman vs Vegeta vs Hulk in non combat challenges: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Are there any real-world conditions that would allow a human to beat a gorilla at arm-wrestling without completely sedating it, and if so, what is the bare minimum needed to give the human a 6/10 chance?
Who would win this war: Killer Croc vs the Lizard?
Who'd win, WW2 POland vs Nazi Germany...with a supernatural twist?
What is the role of the student representative council in combating tuition fee confrontation between students and management?
Who would win this fight: Florina vs. Lon'qu?
Who would win this fight: Tai Lung vs. Rob Lucci?
Which mutant can kill Lash?
Who is the weakest character that could survive an hour on the water planet?
Who would win in a fight, Izuku Midoriya, Wendy Marvell, Boruto, or Goten?
Who would be the winner out of Brock Lesnar vs Bane, and why?
The Justice League in the Tournament of Power
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Jake La Motta vs. Rocky Balboa at their prime, and why?
Can one thousand velociraptors take down the North Korea regime?
You with a .22 VS A member of your favourite dog breed. Who would win?
Who'd win, Superboy-Prime vs The Avengers?
GOKU V.S BEERUS | Can Goku Defeat Beerus, Te God Of Destruction?|Dragon Ball Super
You, the President of the United States vs Russia Who would win?
Could humans ever win a war against a merman/mermaid army?
Who will win in the battle between Naruto with Asura mode and Kakashi with Both Sharingan vs Sasuke with Indira mode and Orochimaru?
Every man on earth is replaced by wolfs and every ant on earth is replaced with bloodlusted house cats who wins?
Every tree in the world suddenly turns into an aggressive LoTR Ent; can humanity survive?
Who would win this combat: A Grizzly Bear vs A Silverback Gorilla?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of HandToHand fight: Guy vs Garp, and why?
If China fought USA, who will win?
If a superhero's name was his porn nickname, would it mean he's good in bed or terrible?
Godzilla vs Kong 2020 who will win and how will it go: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Ezio, Edward and Desmond have to survive Jurassic World?
If a multinational corporation has significant and equal interests in two countries that have declared war with each other, how is management likely to strategize to protect the best interests of the company?
300 Spartans vs. 300 Unsullied: Who would win?
Who'd win, CW season 4 Flash vs All Avengers in Infinity War?
Between Batman, Deathstroke and Midnighter, who would be most likely to win or lose in a fight using gadgets, powers, and all?
Who would win, Flood Vs. Borg?
Who'd win, 10 Navy Seals vs. 10 Spartans?
Who would win in a game of golf between Donald Trump and Barack Obama?
Which of these characters would make the best mentor?
How much does winning a race for self driving electric racecars indicate a company has good algorithms for street driving?
Who'd win, Abed Nadir vs Kenneth Ellen Parcell?
World War III but the sides are in alphabetical order
Who would be the victor out of Weld vs. Wolverine, and why?
You have Capt. Ginyu's powers in the MCU. What's the most powerful you can become? Who would win?
The Fithp invade Earth of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Who'd win, Seal Team Rix vs McDonalds Szechuan Sauce?
Who would win this battle: Batman with a week of prep time vs Galactus?
What is the most damage an indestructible Ant could do to this world?
Can a Kangal beat a wolf in a fight?
What if China and India combined?
Who would win, He-Man Vs Lion-O?
You gain the powers of your Halloween costume. What's the strongest you can defeat? Who would win?
Who would win a fight between Loki and Joker?
Why are black people generally more muscular/athletic?
Which Internet services suffer the most from SEO optimization winning versus high-quality content?
Which animals would win in a battle, wolverine or raccoon?
Who'd win, Navy Seal vs Charging Grizzly Bear?
Who would win, Baymax vs Deadpool?
Who would claim victory out of John Kramer VS. John Doe, and why?
Which of My Characters Would Win In A Fight?
Ghost Rider gets The Speed Force, is Your Favorite Villain screwed?
If there was a battle between New York and Los Angeles who would win?
Why was Egypt so weak during the Six-Day War?
Who would win in a fight between Bolo Yeung and Bruce Lee?
If robots decide to exterminate the human race, how would they do it?
Earth vs. Moon Colony: Who would be the winner?
Who would come out on top out of Walter White and Tywin Lannister both get a "Press this button and you get a million dollars but a random person dies" gadget. Who presses it more times, and why?
Who would win this combat: Sterling Archer and James Bond both have a mission to bed the same girl?
Who would win, Son Gohan vs Saitama?
Lugia vs Genos who wins? Long post
Who would win in a war between the Imperium of Man and the US?
Who would win a fight to the death, a pit bull or a Rottweiler?
Who'd win, A wolverine vs. A Honey Badger. Real animals, real face off?
Why it was a war in Bosnia in 1992 even after they broke out of Jugolavia?
Who would come out on top out of The day after the end of the civil war, President Lincoln announces, "In order to remind you all of this war and how much it has costed us, each of the formerly rebellious states must, every year, provide two tributes, one male and one female, to compete in an annual fight to the death.", and why?
Who would win in a fight between a giant otter or African leopard?
You gain the powers of any animals that bit you in your life. Who's the strongest character you can defeat? Who would win?
What is your dungeon like?
Who'd win, Cheetah vs Rhodesian Ridgeback?
In ancient times, what was the best military tactic to counter heavy cavalry?
Your Favourite character runs the 'Gay Gauntlet'
BANNER FIGHT!
Who'd win, Alucard vs Ghost Rider?
Prince Ashitaka enters the Seven Kingdoms
Which side would win if the American revolution was fought today?
Why did the Battle of Chickamauga end up having the second-highest number of casualties after the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War?
Will water become the cause of the Third World War?
Who would win, SpongeBob is given a water helmet and explosive pies. How much damage can he do?
Who would win, A pack of 10 wolves vs 10 average humans?
Featuring CP9
Who would win, Nicholas St. North vs Bigby Wolf?
Who would win, Rune King Thor or Franklin Richards?
Which two characters would have the most powerful child?
Why did the British win first prize in the race for a global empire?
Who'd win, Nic Cage in a bear costume vs Justin Long forcefully sown into a walrus costume?
Who would win if 5 Imperial star destroyers fought 5 Imperial star destroyers when both are commanded by Grand Moff Tarkin and Grand Admiral Thrawn?
Who would win, Nami post-time-skip VS Crocodile pre-time-skip?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Sonya Blade vs. Cammy White, and why?
Who would win, MSSJ Gohan or Lavenda?
Who would come out on top out of the Titans Vs the Trinity, and why?
Who would win this duel: Mr. Incredible vs Rhino?
Could Britain and America lead NATO in WW3?
Who would win in a fist fight, a martial artist, or someone in the military?
Rhino vs. The Thing: Who would claim victory?
Who could beat Saitama in physical combat?
Who would win five ants each with the intelligence of the smartest human on earth or one blood lusted ant eater
All the Legendary Pokemon are in a fight without moves, traits or powers, who would be the last Pokemon standing?
Who'd win, Cool Cat vs. Barney?
Who would win, Jonathan Irons and Frank Underwood as the US President. Who would be more intimidating to the world?
Aogiri Tree is air-dropped into the middle of Iraq. Can they destroy ISIS, and then help the Kurds invade and defeat Turkey to form Kurdistan: Who would have the best chance of winning?
You have the powers of every* cape in Worm, who's the strongest individual you can beat? Who would win?
How many fifth graders are necessary to take out a cyber-buffalo with tank treads and head-mounted laser beam?
Who'd win, The Punisher vs Navy Seal Copypasta guy?
Who'd win, Bruce Lee vs Mike Tyson?
Who would win this punch-up: Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman VS Link, Ganondorf, and Zelda?
Who would win a real UFC or MMA fight between Bobby Lashley and Brock Lesnar?
Who would win a fight between Jon Jones and Fabricio Werdum?
Who would win in a war between Serbia and Bulgaria without NATO intervention?
What would you choose: advanced armour, or peak human condition
Who would win in a fight between Beyonder and Trigon?
What would Hillary Clinton do if Donald Trump claimed she tried to bribe him out of the race, in order for him to win?
Who would win a war between India and Iran if they were neighbors?
What would a full-scale war look like with modern technology?
In layman's terms, what was the Russian Civil War? When did it start, why, and who were the major players?
Who could get their wish as intended from The Genie?
A peak Jumper is dropped into the MCU
Who would win a war between the United Kingdom and Brazil?
Who will win a war between Pakistan and Sweden?
Who would claim victory out of Saitama VS. Popeye The Sailor, and why?
Which would win in a fight between an F-22/F-16 and a Tejas MK2/Su-30MKI?
Gorilla vs Grizzly Bear: Who would win?
You gain the powers of the last video game character you played as, how do you conquer the world? Who would win?
Who would win, Hela vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight, Ozai or Azula?
What will win in a fight between a leopard and a black bear?
Who would win? John Wick or Jason Bourne?
How can Joe Biden win given how late he is entering the race?
What is your favorite military battle in history?
Who would win in a fight, Carnage or Black Panther?
Who would win a war between Burma and Pakistan, if they were neighbors?
Who would win in a fight between Competent Swordswoman with a Combat Speed of Mach 3 and Skilled Swordswoman with Line-of-sight Teleport?
Who'd win, Duke Nukem vs Master Chief without his armour?
Project Freelancer infiltrates Crow's Nest
In a battle between an octopus and a squid of the same size, which one wins?
John Wick's dog dies in one of those FNAF joints..... How long do the robots and serial killers last: Who would win?
What does,“The day you stop racing is the day you win the race.” mean?
Should Yahoo win their case versus Facebook?
Is the win today by Democrat Conor Lamb over favored Republican Rick Saccone in the Pennsylvania U.S. House race likely to be a trending result for Democrats in the nationwide midterm elections in November?
Can Rorschach uncover Cauldron before Echidna?
What would happen if the entire Western and European civilization resumed the colonization of Asia and Africa? Can China, India, and Iran beat off the US, Russia, Britain, and Germany?
Who would win in a fight between Naruto and Thanos?
Tokyo Ghoul vs Rosario + Vampire: Who would be the winner?
Who would win an aerial battle between 50 F-22 Raptors and 5,000 World War 1 Sopwith Camels?
If Naruto and Uchiha Shisui were to fight, who would win?
Booster Gold, the Doctor, Doc Brown/ Marty, Blinx the Time Cat, and Max Caulfield are all bloodlusted for eachother, who wins?
Which animal is the better fighter, a honey badger or a sun bear?
Who would win in a war between the USA and Russia with China?
Blue Team slips into your favorite fictional universe, how far do they make it in the protagonist's place?
Who would win in a fight between All Might Prime and Tornado?
Who would win, Vegeta vs Final Form Frieza?
If Nazi Germany didn’t have the Soviets to worry about in WW2 and the German war machine was at its peak, what would the outcome have been on D-Day and the rest of the war?
Who'd win, Robloxian vs Minecrafter Steve vs Terrarian?
Luigi vs Navy SEALs: Who would be the champion?
What animal would win a 70 story building stair climb battle? Wolf? Mountain Goat? Ostrich? Something else? State your best case and discuss.
Cynthia's Garchomp VS Street Sharks: Who would be victorious?
Who'd win, Vong vs. the Empire?
Who would win, a standard Roman Army of 20,000 men from 100 AD or a standard English army of 20,000 men from 1300 AD?
Who would win in a fight, a dog or a goat?
What would happen if China, the US, and Russia together attacked and declared war?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand fight between Anakin and Winter Soldier?
Who would win this battle: Superman vs goku?
All at once, every animal on Earth becomes bloodlusted and attempts to kill every human alive. Who wins, and how?
Who would win, Scyther Rifle Fight: Ruby Rose VS. Margaret Moonlight?
Who would win, Batman vs. Superwoman?
What if Finland defended against the USSR for so long until Germany initiate Barbarossa?
Spider-Bat Amalgam Free For All
Who'd win, Joel vs Rick?
If all the countries that end with -stan go to war with Russia, which side would win?
Who would be the victor out of Gordon Ramsay vs Yukihira Soma, and why?
Who would be the victor out of giant ground sloth vs modern african elephant, and why?
How do I control anxiety or adrenaline rush in a fight?
Which superhero/villain would be the most skillful and considerate lover?
How would Poland fair in a war against Russia?
How would the people of North Korea react to a US invasion? I am curious because all that the citizens know is what propaganda they see.
Who would win out of Silverback Gorilla vs hafthor bjornsson, and why?
Who would win a war between Oman and Bahrain?
Why would there be war between Sweden and Russia?
Who would win a war between USA and European Union?
Who would win, Goku Black and Future Zamasu vs Deku and Kaachan?
Lt. Cmdr. Data v. Albert Einstein v. Stephen Hawking v. Isaac Newton - The game is five card draw.
Who would win, DMS Itachi or DMS Madara?
Who would win in a battle between the old British Empire and North Korea?
You gain the ability to control grass. Who is the strongest character you can defeat? Who would win?
How long do you think it'll be until the US is in another major war, if ever?
Who would win, Pakunoda, Machi Komacine, and Nobunaga Hazama vs Killua Zoldyck and Gon Freecss?
You gain the power of any one element, can you defeat these foes? Who would win?
Who would win, Silver Age Superman or Mad Jim Jaspers?
Who would win this combat: Little Mac vs. Wildcat in a judged boxing match?
300 People from Every Country on Earth are Sent to Colonize Zombieland
Goku Black/Zamasu in the tournament of power
Who'd win, Justice league vs Avengers vs Z fighters vs Power ranglers vs Random anime 2?
Who would win, Question vs. Rorschach in Chess-Boxing?
Your Favorite Character must banish the ghost of Adam Sandler.
Who would win, Androud 18 vs Captain Marvel?
Who would win this battle: Chuck Norris just allowed Superman to do the fusion dance, giving him Superman's strength and powers while still being able to round house kick people with deadly accuracy. Who can stop Super Chuck Norris?
Who would win in a fight between Aquaman and Grimace?
How fast can Phineas, Ferb, their friends and the Fireside Girls rebuild Syria and Marawi City, Philippines?
Are full-scale wars between military superpowers a thing of the past?
Would be a nuclear war between only two powers really so devastating like in movies and video games?
Who will win in a fight between Wolverine and Gladiator?
Who would be the champion out of The Galactic Republic and CIS vs. The Galactic Empire and The Rebel Alliance, and why?
Gregor Clegane vs Gregor Clegane: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Game mechanics and their implications in regards to character ability?
Who will win in a fight between robot and War Machine/Iron Man?
Who would win, the New Mutants vs the Teen Titans?
Who would win in a race, the Flash, or a cheetah?
Who will win the game, Basel versus FC Sion, in the Swiss Super League?
How many Neanderthals would it take to hunt down and kill a t-rex?
In light of recent events.... 4chan hackers vs. North Korea's cyber defence.
Do you think it's possible, in the right conditions, for Orochimaru to beat Itachi in a fight?
Who would win, Frost vs Green Lantern/Hal Jordan?
Cyber bugs have infested your game console. What team of characters from your save files could combat this horde and how: Who would be the winner?
Who will win: gorilla or rhino?
Who would win in a fight between an Ankylosaurus and a T. Rex?
Does the MCU have a discernable end?
Who will win in a battle between Franklin Richards and Anthony Fremont?
Who will win the battle between Sherlock , or Jane?
You, your parents, your boss, and your next-door neighbor vs A berserk gorilla. Who would win?
Who would win in a war between the European Union and the United States in 2017?
Who would win, Qui-Gon Jinn takes young Darth Maul as his apprentice and Darth Sidious takes young Obi-Wan as his apprentice. How differently do the events of Star Wars take place?
Who would win in a straight fight between Shikamaru Nara and Batman?
Who would win? A regular guy with a shotgun, or a T-Rex?
Would nukes be effective in a war against Asgard?
Who would win between Time Breaker King Vegeta and Beerus?
So I just started reading Marvel and DC comics...
Who'd win, A cat with human intelligence vs. a human with cat intelligence?
Who'd win, Devil Dinosaur vs Grimlock vs. Indominus Rex vs Dinosaur Neil?
In a hypothetical battle of Ned Stark versus Boromir, if they have their best weapons, including the ice blade, and they are in a grassy plain, who would win?
You get your meal and sit down at a Burger King. You look around and see: three ISIS terrorists, Rob Ford, a gorilla, a random mime, and Charles Barkley tensely eyeing each other. In 5 seconds all hell breaks loose. How do you fare? Who would win?
Who would win between Dr. Strange and Skeletor?
How many badgers will it take to kill YOU armed with a flamethrower
Would the world be a better place if the UK had emerged as the hegemonic power, instead of the USA, after the Second World War?
Who would win in a war between England and France today?
Who would be the last one standing in a fight between all 3 and why, a human, a robot, and a bear?
Who would win this punch-up: Time for another animal throwdown, a fox vs a house cat?
What if God Gogeta fought Merged Zamasu instead of Vegito? Will Gogeta's different temperament grant him the win? Is he simply too weak to pull it off?
Who is the most powerful character that would not be able to survive a head on collision with a charging rhino?
Every modern nation is allowed 1 champion to fight each other to the death to determine the ruler of the world. Who wins in mortal combat?
All of the American Presidents have force abilities, is there anyone who can defeat Darth Hickory
Who would win in a fight, Kid Goku or Korra?
Who would win, the biggest hawk or the biggest eagle?
Who'd win, Gilgamesh vs. Alucard?
Who would have the edge out of Spider-Man, Green Goblin, Electro, Mysterio, Dr. Octopus, Vulture, Lizard, Kraven the Hunter, Scorpion, Rhino, Sandman, Shocker, Electro, Venom & Carnage VS. Darkseid, and why?
Who would win in a fight, an intelligent strong man or a strong intelligent man?
Who would win, Nicolas Cage now has the skills, memories and abilities of every role he has ever played. Who is the weakest character he can solo 8/10?
Who'd win, Red vs. Bob?
When a world war happens, why do they send the poor?
Who'd win, FOX Deadpool vs MCU Winter Soldier?
Who will win a fight between African and Asian Elephants?
Who would win a war between Europe and Asia?
If there was a snowball fight between the University of Toronto and York University who would win?
Could the Rebel Alliance defeat a Borg Cube if they encountered one?
How could we be living in the most peaceful time in history if WW3 is about to break out and kill all of humanity?
Who would win in a fight between Terry Gross and Ira Glass?
Give a losing army in a historical battle access to radio communication. What's the most lopsided battle that could be turned around?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and a honey badger?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of the brevery of bravest:commander sherpard vs galactus, and why?
If the Daleks really existed and fought Humans, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and Franklin Richards?
Who'd win, 29.6 million sheep vs. 4,596,700 New Zealanders?
Who would win in a fight: Voldemort or Sauron?
Who would win in a fight: MacGyver or a Predator? Why?
Who would win in a fight between Mike Tyson and Conor McGregor in an MMA fight?
Who would win, Feitan or Phinks?
Say the US military is reduced to the same size as Britain's military, who wins a conventional war between the two?
Who would win in a war between ISIS and Hamas?
You vs. The Jurassic Period Who would win?
Who would win, Nam-Ek in his armor and weapon or Troopers of your choice from Star Wars?
Who would win this brawl: Stegosaurus vs Ankylosaurus?
Who would win, Batman or Zeno?
Who would win this war: superman Vs. Goku WITH THE BIGGEST GODDAMNED TWIST YOU'VE SEEN YET?
Mans Best Friend Video Game Death match! Who would win in a 4way fight between Knight Artorias & sif , Venom snake & D Dog , The Lone Wanderer & Dogmeat Fo4, and Mario & Yoshi ?
Who would win, John Wick vs. Netflix Punisher?
Your favorite character runs my Adventure Time gauntlet.
What would a Second Korean War look like?
Who would win in a war between Serbia and Kosovo without NATO intervention?
Who would win, Thel Vadamee or John 117?
A Certain Magical Tierlist - A Tier Ranking of Magicians
Who is the weakest character who could cut down a tree with a herring?
Who would win, Thunder vs Konan?
Which animal would win in a battle between a mountain lion and a lioness?
Who would win in a war between the seven kingdoms and the free cities?
Could a nuclear winter caused by nuclear war help stop global warming?
Gregor Cleganevs Thokolese
Every President of the United States is placed in a Hunger-Games style killing contest. All are in the physical condition they were around the middle of their presidency.
Who would win in a fight, Godzilla or Spider-Man?
Who would win, Blizzard from Marvel’s Spider Man or Mister Freeze?
Who would win in a battle between an Imperial Roman Legion at its height and 1,000 US Marines?
How will a risk-free warfare, with a progressively lower threat of losing military personnel owing to technology, change foreign policies and international relations in the coming decades?
Who would win, Kirby Vs All the water on Earth?
Who would win this battle: Sonic the Hedgehog vs The Flash?
In a hypothetical battle set in the Middle Ages who would win: a samurai or a Nordic Viking?
You vs an adult male gorilla, on a deserted island, with 24 hours prep. Who would win?
Will war between America and North Korea lead to World War III?
Who would win in a battle between Mahmud Ghazni and Shivaji Maharaj?
One piece marines vs one punch man monster assocation: Who would win?
Does an average Russian think about WW3 often?
Who would win, Black Panther vs Dovahkiin?
If The Incredible Hulk fought another version of The Incredible Hulk from an identical timeline with a minor change such as something like McDonald’s never existed, who would win in a fight to the death?
Cynical's Ultimate Debater Tournament: Sign Ups!
Who would be the champion out of Floyd Mayweather Jr vs The Big Show, and why?
Who would win, A T-Rex vs daredevil?
Who'd win, Single combat: Euron vs Daario?
Who would win, Broly vs Jiren?
Boxing match between a world champion heavyweight boxer and a world class marathon runner .
Who would win, Lu vs Patrick Panda?
Who would win in a fight between a dragon, a phoenix and a unicorn?
Who would win this combat: Silverback Gorrila vs. Grizzly Bear?
Some weird stuff happens and now every living human has Superman powers. Super-Obama then begins the world's first "Super International Super Arm Wrestling Super Championship". Who wins ?
The Endbringer sirens ring around Brockton Bay as Deep Sea King prepares to invade.
Who would win in a battle to the death, Killer Frost versus Poison Ivy?
Who would win, Goku's punch vs Moon/Planet?
Who will win in a three way war between the Sioux, Iroquois, and the Cherokees?
Who would win, Bruce Lee or Chuck Norris?
Who would win in a war between Italy and Israel?
Let's say the Warsaw Pact arose again, including those currently in NATO. If the modern Pact and NATO fought a war, who would win and why/how?
Who would win this match: The entire population of Reddit versus the country of Brazil in Medieval warfare?
Who has enough patience and motivation to kill a mole of moles with his bear hands?
What is the biggest animal a pack of 5 domestic cats could kill?
Who would win in a fight between a dire wolf and a sabertooth tiger?
What would win in a one-to-one battle, a Leopard 2 or an M1A1?
Who would be the winner out of 5 full grown grizzlys VS. 1 White rhino, and why?
King Shark vs Tiger Shark
Who would win, The Fire Nation vs WW1 Germany?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Captain America?
Who would win, Batman vs Owlman?
Who exactly would win a *conventional* war between France and Spain right now?
The Joker vs The Avengers, who's going to win?
Who would win this match: Obama vs slightly overweight Obama?
What characters in their End of series or current showings would lose in a fight between themselves from an earlier point in their story?
Who would win, Full Powered Frieza vs Resurrected Perfect Cell?
Why can't you win a war against Israel?
Arwing vs. X-wing star wars
You and a party of 6 historical figures must overcome a 5 stage gauntlet, aptly named the Five Trials of Anguish. Can you win? Who would win?
Who would win this duel: Soma Cruz vs Vampire Hunter D?
Who would win in a fight between a gorilla and a raptor from Jurassic World?
your favorite character gains the ability "time only moves when you move".
Who would win this war: Spider-Man visits Japan and fights 2 ecchi characters?
Weakest animal that can kill a Jurassic Park velociraptor in a 1v1 fight?
Who would win out of Saltwater Crocodile vs Great White Shark, and why?
Who would win in a fight Michael jai white or jet lee?
Who would win in a fight between a WWII Panzer Division and the Mongolian Horde?
Who would win, All-Star Vampires vs All-Star Vampire Hunters/Slayers. Who comes out on top?
Who would win, Straw Hat Pirates vs Agni?
616 Big guy royal rumble
From DC comics, who would win in an all out fight between a fully powered Amazo and Darkseid?
Who would win in a fight, Kakashi or Iroh?
Who would win a ground war between the U.S.A. and China?
Which person inspires or motivates you the most?
Who would win this punch-up: Professional Painter Vs Professional graffiti artist?
You are about to be jumped by 3 Crips Gang Members, armed with baseball bats. You are only allowed to use items inside the room you're currently in. Can you survive? Who would win?
Who Would Win: Two well-fed, bloodlusted house cats VS you with your hands tied behind your back. To the death.
Who would win in a fight: a boxer or a martial artist if both are equally experienced and equally strong?
Who do you think would win in a match between The Punisher versus John Wick?
Hypothetical question: Who will win if there would fight between Jackie Chan and Arnold?
Who Would Win: An army of 4,000 Mayans or an army of 2,000 Carolingian knights and 2,000 9th century Vikings?
Who would win in a battle between the SCVA-76 Nahel Argama and the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Devastator?
What's the strongest animal a Kangaroo/Crocodile Fusion could defeat?
If the battle between Fugaku and Itachi happens, who would win as they are both capable of using Mangekyou Sharingan?
Roland is forced to resupply from a number of dangerous cities.
Who would win in a battle royale between Captains Picard, Janeway, Sisko, and Kirk?
Who'd win, The Yonko vs. The Kages?
Who would win, Omega Red VS Bat family?
Who would win this punch-up: 100k Dothraki led by Kahl Drogo vs. 100k Mongolian army led by Genghis Khan. 10 days ration on both sides. Battle on an open field. Dothraki is encamped on a hill, Mongolian army is encamped inside a dense forest. Opposition has to fully retreat to consider a victory?
Who would win, Kratos vs Thor?
Who would win, Sanji vs Suiryu?
Who would win in a fight between Mer-Man and Slythe from the He-Man and Thundercats cartoons?
Who would win in a battle to the death? Ghost Rider versus Ryuk , Jason Voorhees, Pennywise, Pinhead, and Candyman?
In a fight between an American cockroach and a German cockroach, who would win?
Who would win this combat: Goku vs Voldemort?
Batman stuck in a shitty martial arts pose vs. Lightning McQueen with a gram of kush on top of his head: Who would be victorious?
conor mcgregor VS a Fully trained Navy Seal: Who would win?
What would happen if an army of Japanese Samurais fought the Seleucid army led by Seleucus Nicator? Who would win?
Your favorite YouTuber has to go through the first two arcs in DBZ, and their subscriber number is their power level, how far do they get?
Who would win in an ultimate battle between 100 Ninjas and 100 Samurais?
In a fight between Galadriel and Hela, who would win?
With no other alliances, who would win in a military war between the French and British empire in 1945 and 1918?
Who would win, Average Pit Bull vs. Average Man?
Who would win, Vampire Batman vs the Justice League?
Every incarnation of Link goes toe to toe in a battle-royal. Having all they're gear and OoT Hyrule field serving as the battlefield, who comes out on top?
Who would win, North Korea versus South Korea?
How many humans would you need to take down a T-Rex? The humans are hunters in peak condition armed with spears. There are also many rocks nearby.
Space race: You can recruit 5 people from all of history to build a rocket to send a human to Mars.
Who would win, Kirby with three absorbed characters of your choice vs Super Buu with Vegeto, Superman and a cat absorbed. What's the best combination for Kirby to beat him?
Does the saying 'slow and steady wins the race' always stand true in life?
Which is kimi 's best race win?
In WW2, who treated POWs worse, the Germans or the Japanese?
Who'd win, Sony vs North Korea?
Who would win, Raven or a Green Lantern?
Korra finally watches the three seasons of ATLA and wasn't impressed, so she convinces her friends to travel with her back in time to shut down the Fire Nation faster themselves: Who would claim victory?
Would you pick a fight with Superman?
Which of the following characters has the strongest punch?
Who would win in a war between ISIS and the WWI-era Ottoman Empire?
What is your review of the MCU as a whole so far?
Who would win a battle between a hundred of the best warplanes of the Nazi Germany, and an F22 Raptor?
Who would win, Sora with Link or Sonic?
If Super Buu fought SuperPerfect Cell, King Cold , Frieza , Bojack , Broly , Nappa and Raditz , 5 Saibamen, Super Android 13 and Androids 17, 18 and 16 together, WHO WINS?
Lord Voldemort & Cornellius Fudge vs Ambassador Sarek & Senator Palpatine: who'd win a political debate?
Who would be the champion out of Minecraft vs Team Fortress 2 vs Pokémon vs Terraria vs My Little Pony, and why?
Who is the weakest superhero could win in an epic fight against the goat from Goat Simulator?
A Kingsguard from across fiction
Who would be victorious out of A Good Karma Courier serves Mr House, succeeding in all tasks and wins the battle for Hoover Dam, then finds cool stuff. How much power do he and House now wield? And could he take The Commonwealth, and why?
Who would win in a war between the East and the West if nuclear weapons are not used?
Who would win a hypothetical war between Israel and Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Egypt, and Libya. Keep in mind how much Egypt's has grown since the lastwar?
Warhammer 40k vs All Modern Day Earth Militarys
Who would claim victory out of The entire Halo Spartan II Team is alive and invades our Earth. How well do they do, and why?
Evenly matched 2d vs real life boxing
The $1 billion safehouse, but you are quite vain.
What would happen if Iran declares war on the the USA?
Who would win, Mad Max vs. Snake Plisken?
Who would win this match: Metal bat vs Raiden?
Who'd win, The God-Emperor Trump Vs The Mexicans who beat up Silver Surfer?
Could Wolverine's Adamantium claws cut Luke Cage's skin? If they fought, who would win?
bloodlusted Mustang vs. Bloodlusted Krillen
In the event of a nuclear war, what shall you do, apart from certainly die?
You vs This guy Who would win?
Who will win the tablet race in the consumer world, the iPad, Galaxy or PlayBook?
Who would win, Abraham Lincoln vs Blade?
People say it is a hard fought win for Manchester United with Burnley. If they move the ball quickly without selfish play, would they score 2 or 3, and would it be an easy win?
We saw what the DC universe could do with a bear. So, how strong could the Marvel Universe make a lion?
Who can stop the Moopocalypse?
If Napoleon’s entire military at its height fought against Nazi Germany's entire military the day before they surrendered, who would win?
Who would win, Vikings or Genghis Khan?
Can anyone from the ASOIAF Universe beat LOTR's Aragorn in single combat?
What will happen to Eastern Canada if a nuclear war happens?
Who would win this match: Honey Badger vs Mongoose vs Tasmanian Devil?
If there is a fight/war between Lord Ram & Parshuram, who will win?
Every superhero and supervillain's dead origin story parents in an all-out battle royale
Who would win in a war between ants and humans?
Utahraptor runs the mammal gauntlet
Who would win this battle: KSI vs Logan Paul?
Who would win, Captain America vs Havok?
Who would win, Fox Quicksilver vs CW Flash, Reverse Flash and Zoom?
Who'd win, Batman vs batman vs batman: battle of the bats?
Can Dr. Octogonapus defeat Dr. Octopus?
What if the Napoleonic War was a bar fight?
Who would win in a fight between a tiger and a polar bear? Why?
Who would win in a battle between Riddick and Batman?
Whose child would be the most competent superhero when they grow up: Superman-Wonder Woman's, Wonder Woman-Batman's, or Batman-Superman's: Who would be the winner?
Who would be the champion out of Henry the Octopus vs. Dorothy the Dinosaur vs. Captain Feathersword vs. Wags the Dog, and why?
Who would win this war: T’au Empire breacher team vs Covenant close-combat squad?
What would've happened if Romania joined WWI early?
Hermione Granger vs Wonder woman: Who would come out on top?
If World War 2 was in modern times, which countries would be the Allies and the Axis, given their current economic, military, and intellectual stance?
A Megalania vs. a hippo: Who would be the champion?
Who would be the victor out of The Man with no Name vs Light Yagami, and why?
Who will win in the India versus West Indies T20 match?
Has there ever been an air-battle where it came down to a fight between two or more bombers?
The Scooby Gang from Buffy the Vampire Slayer Vs. The Homunculi from Full Metal Alchemist: Who would have the edge?
Who can conquer Gaston's Gruesome Gauntlet?
M1 Abrams vs Panzer: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight, a cougar or a jaguar?
Wolverine is at the supermarket in Stephen King's The Mist. How does he change the outcome?
Who would win between Arale and Pinkie Pie?
Selene the Death Dealer vs Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Honey Badger or Captain America?
Who would claim victory out of Kurama vs Beerus, and why?
Magnus the Red versus Kratos: Who would be victorious?
Who would win a war between Lord Ram and Krishna?
Who would win in a fight, Peach or Zelda?
The gangster of nature, The Hippo, runs an animal gauntlet
Mr. Satan appears on the One Punch Man universe, what rank can he achieve in the hero association?
Amateur Hour - WWW Obscure Character Awareness - Week 6
Who would win this war: Pitbull vs Ratel?
Who would win in a fight, Sakura from Naruto or Megatron?
Assuming batman would have gone with the bat theme and not the bat theme, who is the strongest he could beat?
Could Hulk defeat Doomsday?
Who'd win, Super Sonic vs. Super Saiyan 2 Goku?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs. Etrigan?
Who'd win, Badgers Badgers Badgers vs Buffalo buffalo Buffalo?
Your favorite Street character vs. The Cave of Two Lovers
Who would win this punch-up: Darkseid vs. Thanos. vs. Apocalypse?
Lightning Farron vs Wonder Woman
Who would win in a one on one fight Saitama from One Punch Man or Naruto from Naruto?
Who would win a war between France and Belgium??
Who would win in a battle between a raccoon and a coyote?
Who would win a boxing match between George Washington and Teddy Roosevelt?
Who would come out on top out of Thor vs Goku, and why?
Polar bear vs. silverback gorillas: Who would have the best chance of winning?
The ever powerful Chrollo Lucilfer comes toe to toe with a stand user, DIO Brando . Who reigns supreme?
Who would be the winner out of North Korea Vs South Korea, But They Only Have One Tool Respectively: Pulgasari Vs Yonggary, and why?
Black Panther runs a gauntlet
Who would win, Jiren or Goku?
Who would you pit against Lightning in a Screwattack Death Battle?
If two Godzillas fought every other Godzilla who would win?
Animal Kingdom Team Deathmatch.
Who would win, A googolplex^^googolplex marines VS A Graham's Number of ants?
Who would win, Justice League Dark vs. Justice League?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Cable?
Genos Runs a Cyborg Gauntlet!
Who would win the fight, Lucy with 100% brain usage or Thanos with his gauntlet?
What is more powerful, the British Empire at its peak, or the current US of A? What would a theoretical war between the two look like?
Who would win in a proxy war between the USA and China?
Who would win, avatar aang vs friezea?
Who would win a fight between an unarmed mixed martial arts fighter and an adult chimp?
Who would win a fist fight between Saitama and Thanos?
Who would win out of Left Shark vs. Right Shark in a contest of championship entertainment, and why?
Who will be a winner in a possible Iran-Saudi open war?
Who would be the champion out of Bat Family vs The Mishima Family, and why?
Imagine that there is a non-scripted & uncut reality TV show consisting of one person from every culture, religion, gender and race. Instead of one winner, everyone wins or nobody wins, they must help each other or all is lost. What would be the conclusion?
What was the real reason behind fight between Batman and Superman?
A Nigerian Prince gives you a small fortune to take down the Avengers
Who'd win, Gaara Vs. Shadow the hedgehog?
Who do you think will win the Triple G vs Canelo Alvarez fight?
Who would win out of Tiger Shark vs. Siberian Tiger, and why?
Who would win in a war between Turkey, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan vs China?
Bear VS Moose: Who would be the victor?
Z Fighters in the War of Wrath
Who'd win, The Rhino VS Carnage Kabuto?
Who would win, R2-D2 vs Chopper?
Who would win in a fight Rocket Raccoon or Fox McCloud?
Who would win in a battle between a cheetah and a leopard?
Who would win in a showdown between Naruto and Uchiha Madara?
You with a steel Bat vs. Bloodlusted Hippo Who would win?
Ultron Vs. Steve: Who would be victorious?
How many Barney's would it take to put down Clifford the bigred dog?
If an American and Soviet division fought at the end of WW2, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Rocky Marciano and Muhammad Ali? Why?
Who is the weakest character that can defeat President Johnathan Blackjack?
Who would be victorious out of Covenant vs UNSC | No Heroes | Urban Combat | Standard Units Only, and why?
Who would win: Spiderman vs Ninja Turtles?
Who would win, Ghostrider vs. Wonder Woman?
Who is the weakest character that could, singlehandedly, alter the outcome of the battle of Stalingrad?
Who would win this punch-up: The 2008 Detroit Lions vs The 2017 Cleveland Browns in a regular football game?
What is the oldest military that could defeat North Korea in its current state?
Who would win out of RX-78-2 Gundam vs E-123 Omega, and why?
You have 999,999,999,999 USD, 25 Cyborg Kangaroos, 42 Doom Bots, 69 defective condoms, 8 vials of Superman's sperm, Wonder Woman's lasso, and a full set of Darkseid's teeth. How do you ruin Batman's day? Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Animal Man, Captain America, Black Panther, and Batman?
Who would win in a fight between Superman Prime and Thought Robot?
Who would win in a fight, Grey Wind or Ghost?
Who's the smallest character that could beat Sonic the Hedgehog in a chili dog eating contest?
Extremis Iron Man vs Legend: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who will win in a one-on-one fight between Krrish and Captain America?
Who would win in a fight, a Western Dragon or a Chinese Dragon?
Mr. Clean vs. Tony the Tiger: Who would be the victor?
Are there any real-life Boxers who could beat a prime Rocky Balboa in a Boxing match?
Who would win, Killer Bee vs Danzo?
Who would win a battle between Goku and Zeus?
Who would win, Thor vs Kratos?
Who would win in a fight between Nemesis and Phoenix Force?
Who would be the victor out of Count Dooku vs Darth Maul, and why?
Teen Wolf VS Big Wolf on Campus: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a war between the United States and the rest of the world?
Who would win this combat: Rama vs Ip Man?
Who would win, The Magic School Bus is now a transformer bent on the destruction of human civilization. How many historical figures can it travel back in time to and assassinate before it's stopped by the immortal, timeless, all-knowing lizard people that rule the world governments?
what is the strongest military force 6 upgraded navy seals can take on?
Who would win, Jiren vs Beerus?
Who would win in a war, the USA in 1992 or India in 2018?
Friend and I have been debating this for a while. Who would win? Talion of Middle Earth or Geralt of Rivia?
Who would win in a fight, the Human Torch or Ace?
Game of Thrones Season 3: Who would win in a battle - the Unsullied or the White Walkers?
Hulk - Real World Capabilities
Who would win out of A fully armoured 15th century European knight vs a hungry Bengal tiger, and why?
Who would win, 25 Brock Lesnars vs. 2 silverback gorillas?
In a one-on-one battle, could any swordsman throughout history beat a samurai?
Who would win in a fight between the Thing and the Hulk?
Who would be the victor out of Emperor Palpatine is dropped into the United States. He has no resources but the clothes on his back, and his immense force power. How does he fair infiltrating U.S. politics, and why?
Who would win this match: Batman Vs. Capt. America?
Who would win, Humans Vs Dinosaurs?
Who would have the edge out of Adult Silverback Gorilla vs. Prime Mike Tyson, Prime Abraham Lincoln, Terry Crews and Lisa Ann, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Geralt of Rivia?
King Kong vs 5 Kangaroo that are trained Samurai
Martial Arts: In a fight, does speed beat power/size? Are there any physics to explain that?
Who would have the edge out of Superman VS Goku, and why?
Which Game of Thrones character could beat the king of my country?
Who would win a war between Turkey and Iran if neither side brought any allies to the fight?
Weakest character that can defeat Americaball in combat?
Thor vs Doomsday: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Bull sperm whale vs fully grown Tylosaurus?
Why didn't Germany help Iran in the fight between the USSR and Iran?
Who'd win, Velociraptors vs Today's Earth?
Your favorite character becomes a vampire, courtesy of the stone mask.
Bruce Wayne wakes up to find himself in the first room of the Mazes of Menace.
10 American Billionaires Invade Russia
If there will be a fight between Indian Superheroes and Superheroes from Hollywood who will win?
What does it mean that the Soviets and the Americans were engaged in a space race? Who was going to win in 1969?
Who would win, Obito and his army vs. Allied Shinobi Forces?
Who'd win, Greil Mercs vs. Band of the Hawk?
Captain America: Civil War : Which side would win in an all-out battle between the two known teams?
Who would win, Kratos vs. 2018 IW Thor?
Who would win this punch-up: The avengers vs The first 3 starter pokemon at highest evolution?
Who would win, Favourite Jedi and sith from each era team up?
Who would win a fight between 3 Navy Seals and 7 U.S police officers?
Who would win a fight between Aang and Percy Jackson?
Who'd win, Edward Elric vs. Tohsaka Rin?
Which would win, Umbaran Mobile Heavy Cannon Versus the Type-47 Scarab from Halo?
Who would win, Parallax Hal Jordan or Thanos with Infinity Gauntlet?
Could Ant-Man defeat Hulk by shrinking to subatomic size and going inside of him?
Can the Crusaders take Raqqa from ISIS?
What is your prediction on the current cricket 2017 ICC Champions Trophy? Who will be in the semis? Who is going to win the finals?
Who would win in a soccer match between USWNT and USMNT?
Team of the Month: The Legion of Monsters
Who'd win, The Watcher in the Water vs the Balrog?
In the Lord of the Rings , who would win a battle between the Balrog and Lady Galadriel?
Who'd win, DCEU Villains vs. MCU Villains vs. X-Men Villains?
Who would win this war: Current Cris Cyborg versus current Chuck Norris?
r/whowouldwin presents r/WWW Money in the Bank
Goku vs. Aang vs. Catwoman: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Can Sentry beat Black Panther?
What movie superhero would beat their comic book counterpart?
Who would win, F-22A Raptor vs Knightmare Frames?
A level 240 multi-class of all 12 classes Dungeons and Dragons 5th edition human player character vs the entire United States Military: Who would be the victor?
Is it because mystery lends to authority, for a cultural aspect, human nature, or otherwise that it is frowned upon for military higher ranks to fraternize with their subordinates?
Black cat vs Catwoman: Who would win?
Who could beat Disney's Hercules 5/10 in a fight?
What is the strongest thing a Humming-Beaver can defeat?
Who would be the champion out of Buuperman vs Sage-mode Gogeta, and why?
Who'd win in a fight, Green Lantern or Shakti?
Who would win in a war between France and Scandinavia?
Who would win between Fingolfin and Aragorn?
In a war between the United States of America and Equestria from MLP: FiM, who would win?
Historical Gauntlet
Who would win a battle between Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un?
Obama Windu vs your favorite character: Who would be the victor?
Batmen recreates the experiment that gave Barry Allen his powers. Who is the strongest character the BatFlash can defeat?
Sci-Fi civilizations invade the Darksiders Universe as of Darksiders I
What is it like to get in a fight with someone with borderline pd?
Who would win this match: Average man with a chainsaw vs a full grown male tiger?
Every house cat in the world grows 3x it's size and becomes bloodlusted. Can humanity survive this cat epidemic?
If the original g1 megaton and the g1 galvatron fought to the death who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Quicksilver and Deathstroke?
These 9 high-street-tier characters team up, who's the strongest they can beat?
My team VS your team.
Your Favorite Character vs Ghost Riders
Why didn't Hitler invade Switzerland?
Who would be able to win against the perfect copy of themselves? Aka, Any character vs ThePerfectionist
Who would win in a fight, Deadpool and Spider-Man or Gwenpool and Spider-Gwen?
If a World War breaks out, will people lose access to the Internet and food at the supermarket?
Could any human apelike ancestors beat a gorilla in a fight?
Can Red take down Baroque Works ?
Who would come out on top out of Queen Sectonia vs. President Haltmann, and why?
Who would win, Crocodile,Chijao and Smoker vs Luffy, Zoro and Sanji?
If there is one thing you would change about British/English history, what would it be?
Who do you think will win the T20 and ODI series between Australia versus India in early 2016?
Who'd win, Composite Doomguy/Doomslayer , Illidan Stormrage and Guts vs every incarnation of hell ever?
What happens in the fight between Gaara and Rock Lee in Naruto?
Who'd win, Ant-Man, the Invisible Woman, and Loki all sneak into Captain America's room to poke and prod and tickle him as he sleeps?
An atium Misting vs Contessa vs a Navy Seal with spider sense vs another Navy Seal with Jedi precognition
Who would win out of Lego T-Rex with Triceratops horns vs a squad of Lego Raptors with Stegosaurus tails, and why?
Who would win, Tsunade vs Sasori?
Who would win in a fight between Jackie Chan and Jet Li?
Who would come out on top out of A pride of lions vs a clan of spotted hyenas, and why?
What's the weakest two-animal hybrid that can defeat this gorilla/elephant centaur?
Who would win, Batman vs Dracula?
Shadow the Hedgehog ends up in the SatAM universe. How does he contribute against Robotnik?
In a all-way fight between current heads countries, who will win?
Who'd win, Southern Elephant Seal vs Colossal Squid?
If every state of the USA declared war against each other, what would that be?
World Breaker Hulk gains unlimited access to the SpeedForce... Who within the Marvel Universe can stop him?
Who would win, Rune King Thor or World Breaker Hulk?
Who would be the winner out of Man with the strength of a grizzly bear vs a Siberian Tiger, and why?
Who would win, Chuck Norris or MCU Thanos?
Who's the strongest character Fry could 5/10 under these circumstances?
the DCEU Justice League take on the God of Thunder Thor Odinson with Stormbreaker
Amateur Hour - WWW Obscure Character Discussion - Week 11
Who will win the Cyber-war between AAP and BJP?
Who would win in a war between Tomainia and Freedonia?
Who can complete the task and throw the One Ring into the fires of Mt. Doom?
Grima Wormtongue vs. Worm: Who would come out on top?
Who would win if there was a death battle between Wolverine and Hellboy?
Bloodlusted United States vs unprepared United States
Who would win, Sherlock Holmes vs. the internet in a lying contest?
Who would win this war: Superman vs Broly?
Who would win, Darkseid in his final form or Thanos with his Infinity Gauntlet?
Buffy the vampire slayer vs Blade
A pit bull trained to fight vs a gauntlet of wild animals: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between Iron Man and Vision?
What would it be like if, theoretically, the entire eastern hemisphere and the western hemisphere fought a modern global war?
Who would win, Baby Vegeta vs SSJ3 Goku?
Who'd win, Million ants vs a million ants?
Who would win, Avatar Aang in the Avatar State with master control over the 5 elements or Ichigo Kurosaki with Soul Reaper, Getsuga Tenshou Form, and immense spiritual power?
Who's the weakest character that can single-handedly take down the Hero Association?
Who would win in a battle between Darth Vader and Palpatine with no force powers?
Who would win, Black Beetle or Blue Beetle?
Who'd win, Midgard and Asgard appear right next to each other during the events of GoW and Ragnarok. How do both storylines change?
Who is the strongest character you could beat in combat?
Participation Trophy for March 2018 Week 2
What if right now, the US and Russia declared war on each other? Who would win? Not saying it wouldn’t happen, no nuclear or atomic weapons, and every other country is neutral.
How many red kangaroos would it take to kill a polar bear?
Who would win out of God of Destruction Rick and Angel Morty Invade the Marvel Universe. How Far Do They Get, and why?
Has Gretzky ever been in a fight?
Who'd win, The God Emperor of Mankind vs Reinhard Heydrich?
Frank castle vs north korea. Who would win.
Who would win if the three cinema versions of Spider-Man fought Hunger Games style?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Superboy?
Who'd win, Wyman Manderly vs. Illyrio Mopatis?
Who is the strongest character a composite IRL human could beat?
Who would win, Jiren or Doomsday?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and France?
Planes vs. Dragons A long-standing argument between friends: Who would win?
Who will win in a battle between Hydra forces in Captain America and Ten Rings in Iron Man?
Who'd win, Phil Swift with infinite Flex Tape and Flex Seal VS Billy Mays with infinite Mighty Tape, Mighty Putty, and Oxi-Clean products?
Who would have the edge out of Cat in the hat vs. Bugs Bunny, and why?
Wonder Woman vs Frieza: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a heads up hand-to-hand battle: 32 NFL running backs, or 32 Navy seals?
Your favourite hero is body swapped with a lobster, can they reclaim their body?
In a dog fight between the LCA Tejas of India and the J-10 of China, who would win?
Smaug vs Ancient Fire Dragon: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Bazett Fraga McRemitz vs Shichika Yasuri?
Would a modern consumer car win in a race against a Formula 1 from 40-50 years ago?
How do we feel about this power ranking in /r/pics?
Who would win, Cow and Chicken Vs. The Angry Beavers?
Who would win if a war starts between Bihar and Maharashtra?
Who would win, MCU Captain America vs. 616 Daredevil?
Who would win out of SCP-2317, 2845, and 722 are unleashed on the world, and why?
If there ever was a battle between Indian Army and the police, who will win?
Who would win this punch-up: Talion vs Geralt?
Who would win in a war between Grand Duchy of Lithuania and Khmer Empire?
Who would win in a fight between Bat-Mite and Deadpool?
If you had one choice of a person to enter an arena with and fight lions, who would it be?
Elder God Demonbane vs. Lord English, Lord Voldemort, and Lord Vyce: Who would be the winner?
Are there any non-omnipotent characters that can beat MUI Goku, maybe like bloodlusted high-tier speed force users or classic Dr. Strange?
Who would win, C3PO, Bender, Ultron, TX, Robocop and The Iron Giant, and Sonny in a free for all?
Who would win in a fight: Cthulhu or the Kraken?
Who would win: Darth Darth Binks or Lord Gonk Droid?
Who would win in a war between the two, 1943 Germany or modern day, North Korea?
Who would win this match: Russia, China and North Korea vs NATO?
Does man like it when he and his girlfriend fight?
How to win an "I love you more" fight?
Darth Vader, Count Dooku, Darth Maul and Kylo Ren versus Palpatine/Darth Sidious. 4 apprentices versus the master. Who wins? Which of the apprentices dies first, and can they beat the emperor?
Who'd win, Talion from Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor vs Venom Snake from Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain?
Who would be victorious out of Kratos vs Deadpool, and why?
Thor v Wonder Woman
Who would win in a fight, between an Irish Wolfhound and a giant anteater?
A war broke out between the Rothschild family and Saudi Royal family, who would win?
Hypothetical battles: how many wolves would it take to take down a crocodile?
Luke Cage vs Dr Octopus: Who would win?
Every apex predator in the world, all of humanity.
Which country would win in a fight, China or America?
Jurassic park raptor vs male Silverback gorilla: Who would be the champion?
Every dinosaur that has ever lived is placed in an arena, which dinosaur comes out on top?
Who would win if there was a no holds barred fight between Itachi and Madara? Why?
Po the Kung Fu Panda VS Other bear's
Whats the difference between a combat lifesaver and a combat medic 68W?
In WWII, was the Japanese Navy as capable as the US Navy? Why didn't the Japanese Navy win?
Can Hyperion beat Thanos in a fight?
Who would win, 64 Pikachu Vs. Melee Fox Vs. Brawl Metaknight Vs. Sm4sh Rosa and Luma?
Who would win a full-fledged conventional war between China and Japan without nukes?
Doctor Strange and Iron Man vs Superman and Wonder Woman: Who would claim victory?
Who would be the champion out of Black Widow vs. V, and why?
Is it true that you shouldn't get in a fight except for self-defense?
Lord Voldemort vs Phantom Menace Anakin: who would win this race?
Who would win in a fight, Green Lantern or Mewtwo?
Who would win, the Komodo dragon vs the saltwater crocodile?
Who'd win, Gladiator Vs 300?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and Itachi?
Will the EU be the most powerful country in WW3?
7 F-35 Lightnings are given to Nazi Germany in 1941.
Who Would Win? An All Out Battle Between The Daleks, The Covenant, The Sith, and The Reapers
Who would win, Superman vs Superman?
Who would win, Mace Windu vs Count Dooku?
Who would win, MCU Skinny Steve, MCU Tony Stark with Mark 1 Armor, and MCU Thor versus MCU Captain America, MCU Iron Man, and MCU Thor?
Who wins the race, Toyota or Honda?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and Thor, Loki and the Hulk?
Who'd win, Guzma vs Mirror B in a pokemon battle?
Could Tesla Roadster win an F1 race?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Garfield?
All television police procedurals in a race to catch a criminal
Who would win in a fight, Broly or Hulk?
Daredevil, Rhino, and Captain America vs Nightwing, Mammoth, and Batman: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a roast battle, Hannah Ng or Ryan Leslie?
Who would win, The Sentry or Shazam?
The Forerunner fleet in the later days of the Flood-forerunner war with the normal flood is reinforced by the following Fleets from Sci-Fi, how will the forerunners fare?
If Malaysia and Poland went to war, who would win?
State of the Sub 9/30/2015
What would happen if you woke up to find Vietnamese soldiers marching through your city, and your country's flag being torn down and replaced with Vietnam's flag?
Who'd win, Geralt vs King Joffrey?
Who would win in a fight against Darth Vader?
Can a wolf ever defeat a bear?
Trio de Dangers vs. Superman, Wonder Woman, Shazam: Who would win?
Who would win, Terra vs Deathstroke?
Reptiles: What would win in a fight between a Komodo dragon and a full grown anaconda?
Who would win a fight between Atomic Skull and Ghost Rider?
Who would win a fight between Namor and the Silver Surfer?
Goku, Vegeta and Trunks vs Superman, Shazam and Wonder Woman: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, **Master Chief Vs Captain America**?
Who would win this duel: A Games of Ice and Fire?
Who would win, Disney's The Lion King vs Disney's The Jungle Book Battle?
How can we deal with air raids in Aleppo, Syria? We are depressed. We don't have radar, we don't have civil defense sirens, or good shelters. Is there any solution?
Who would win, First Order or Earth?
Who would win in a fight between Godzilla and Grendizer?
Who would win a fight between Bahubali and Kala Bhairava?
If Saudi Arabia and Turkey engaged in a military conflict, who would win?
Who would win this fight: Itachi vs. Goku?
What are the most heavily offensive and defensive martial arts, and who would win if two equally trained artists fought?
Who will India’s allies be if WW3 happens?
Armed with only a bat, would you rather fight a lion or 500 chihuahuas?
Who would win this match: Saitama vs. Goku?
If an INTP and an INTJ would battle with all their wits, who would win?
What human character could survive Man vs. Car
Have you ever felt a fight between spirituality and ambition?
The Tournament
Who'd win, Bayonetta vs Galactus?
Who would win, Paul Atreides vs Anakin Skywalker?
Besides skill, what are the most important physical attributes to have honed in a fight? Place them in order of importance.
Final Form Frost vs. SSJ Future Trunks: Who would win?
Who would win, a Maine Coon or Greyhound?
In a battle between the US Marines and the French Foreign Legion, who would win?
Who would be victorious out of Thanos vs Martian Manhunter vs God Emperor of Mankind, and why?
Dr. Seuss' ghost is rapidly becoming the greatest rapper of all time, beating rapper after rapper swiftly in a rap battle. Which artist can stop his streak?
Who would win this punch-up: Flash vs the rest of the Justice League?
Who would win a fight between Loki and The Master?
Who would win in a fight: 100 highly trained ninjas or 100 Roman soldiers?
Who would win in a battle between Franklin Richards and Dark Phoenix?
Barney the Dinosaur takes a vacation. Who fills-in better: Yoda, Cookie Monster, Tony Stark, or Beyonce: Who would win?
With the same level of technology, who will win in a war between the eight nation alliance and the Qing dynasty?
Who will win in a war between US and allied coalition of UK, Japan, Nazi Germany, USSR, and Communist China at their greatest extents?
Who would win in a fight between Spiderman and the Flash?
Who would win in a fight no holds barred? Morgoth from the Lord of the rings universe or Thanos from the Marvel universe?
Starship Battle Royal!
Who would win in a business battle between The Kingpin and Lexcorp?
You with a gun with one bullet are facing a lion, a bear and a jaguar Who would win?
Who would win, Aragorn King of the Free Men vs Jon Snow the White Wolf?
A blood-lusted starved for days, hyper-intelligent T-rex with laser weaponry vs. a cute grey tabby kitten: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Darth Zannah vs Darth Vader?
Who would win in a fight, a T-Rex or a Giant Ground Sloth?
"Slow and steady wins the race." Is this formula still working in today's fast moving world?
If we hypothetically took all animals and put them in a giant stadium and told them to fight, which one would win?
Which five currently living humans combined could give Earth the best shot against a superhero from another world?
Who'd win, Cold War-era Communist nations vs. literal capitalist pig-dogs?
Who would win a duel between Severus Snape and Minerva McGonagall?
If Mongol warrior fought against a Chinese martial artist in an unarmed combat/hand-to-hand combat, which one will win?
Without outside assistance, who would win a war between North Korea and South Korea as of 2013?
Who would win, MCU Black Panther vs Injustice Series Batman?
Who would come out on top out of Hawkeye vs Legolas, and why?
Who would win this combat: Thor vs Superman?
Who would win in a fight? FDR in an exoskeleton battle suit, or Bismarck hopped up on PCP with a chainsword?
Who'd win, A guy on a vegan diet vs a guy on a paleo diet?
Hydra vs Wakanda: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Clockblocker vs Daredevil?
Who would be the victor out of 100 Batman-sized Gypsy Dangers vs 1 Gypsy Danger-sized Batman, and why?
Who would win this brawl: The Punisher Vs Rhino?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Aang?
Who wins in a strictly non-nuclear war between America, Russia, China, India, and the rest of the world?
Who would win, The Boss and the saints vs Venom Snake and Diamond Dogs?
What are some must read books for people in their 20s?
Weakest anime character that can defeat Green Lantern in a fight?
Who would win in an unarmed fight between a 'Wild' human vs trained soldier?
You are given 10 Shurikens and forced to run like Naruto towards a Grizzly Bear. What happens to you? Who would win?
Who would win between Dr Manhattan and Darkseid?
Who would win this duel: Revy vs Earth 616 Punisher?
Who would win in a fight, Mr. Incredible in his prime or MCU Captain America with his shield?
What is the difference between being a combat engineer vs. being infantry?
If Thailand and Indonesia went to war, who would win?
Who would win, Yujiro Baki vs Karate Kid?
Who would win this punch-up: Humans vs. Dogs?
Hypothetically, if aliens entered the ISS and the astronauts had to fight back, what kind of weapons would they build? How would they build them?
Who would win in a fight: Vision or Scarlett Witch?
Who would win, Jaeger Strike Eureka vs. Kaijus Otachi and Leatherback?
Who would win a fight between Iron Man and the Ghost Rider?
Solovar and King Shark vs MCU Captain America and Winter Soldier h2h: Who would be the champion?
Thanos vs Magneto vs Santa Claus: Who would come out on top?
Who would claim victory out of AIZEN vs sasuke, and why?
How many people think that if World War III started, all this world will be ruined?
Who would win if the USS Enterprise fought one on one against IJN’s Zuikaku in 1941?
Who'd win, Jotaro, Frost, Homura, Megaman, and power rangers Dino thunder vs Kuroko, Ahri, Sans, Saitama, and every sailor no powers fist fight?
If the American government and American citizens fought each other in an all-out war, who would win?
If EMS Madara, EMS Sasuke, KCM2 Naruto, and SM Hashirama fought all past Kages, which team would win?
Who would win out of Amateur Hour - Unknown or Unused Character/Setting Discussion - Christmas Edition, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Darths Bane, Vader, and Malgus?
Who would win, ODSTs versus Arc Troopers?
Who will win in a fight between Aquaman and Luke Cage?
Who'd win, Ash overslept and missed his chance to get one of the three Kanto starter Pokemon. All Professor Oak has to give him is a small, temperamental dog named Iggy . How far in the Kanto league can Ash get?
Challenge: Lets build a new Pokemon set
Who would win, Qrow Branwen vs Black Cat?
What happens to the Triple Crown winner after winning? Does he still continue to race?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 11/29/2015
If all countries went to war in a free for all, but there military numbers were determined by the numbers they had during the peak of WW2, who would be victorious?
How did SRK win the rat race when ace competitors like Aamir & Salman were right beside him, or even much ahead of him?
Your favorite street-level character trashes Uwe Boll's films. He challenges him/her in a boxing match.
Bloodlusted Seal Team 6 attacks unsuspecting Hogwarts. How far do they get?
If you put a gorilla, tiger, bear, lion, and a hippo in a room, who would win?
What if Robb Stark went to go fight Tywin at the Green Fork instead of lifting the siege of Riverrun after he got the Freys on his side?
All Pokémon VS 1 million lions
Who would win: Phinks and Franklin, Nobunaga and Gon, or Killua and Kurapika?
Who would win this war: Spirit of Earth vs. Spirit of Fire vs. Spirit of Water vs. Spirit of Air?
Who would win in a fight between Beorn and Shelob?
Who would win this combat: Strong Humans vs Gorilla?
Totally spies vs power rangers Dino thunder
What do you get for winning ultimated class during drag week?
Could the Justice League defeat Saitama?
Who would win this battle: Wolverine vs Badger?
Who would win this punch-up: Lord Varys "the Spider" vs. Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish in a continental war?
Can Malcador the Sigilite beat a Primarch in Combat?
An enraged gorilla is dead set on ripping your favorite characters testicles off
Who'd win, British SAS vs U.S navy seals?
Who would win this brawl: 6 blue whales vs. 2 submarines equipped with torpedoes?
Who would win, A bear-sized Tardigrade with human intelligence vs The World?
Street-tier character runs a *Debuff* gauntlet
What would you do if a future version of yourself kidnapped your current significant other?
Without nukes, who would win in a war between Israel and South Korea?
Can the use of a nuclear weapon be a war crime, since it cannot distinguish between combatant and non-combatant targets?
Who is the strongest that the Goat from Goat Simulator kill can kill?
Who'd win, Samurai Jack vs the Rhino?
Thor versus The Monkey God, who wins?
What would have happened if a barbaric hun army led by Attilia the Hun fought an equally large army led by William the Conqueror? Who would win?
Who would win, Frieza vs General Zod?
Who would be the champion out of The Confederacy of Independent Systems vs. The Flood, and why?
Who would win this fight: A Zebra vs a Horse?
Who would win in a fight between an Arnold Schwarzenegger-type bodybuilder and a MMA fighter?
Who would win, Steppenwolf or Darkseid?
The 2004 Film Hunger Games
Who is the weakest character who could come out unscathed from every instance that happened so far in SHARK WEEK!
Who'd win, Ash's Greninja vs Tai Lung?
My friend Kieran vs a bull shark
Who would win this war: Pack of ten Chimps vs. Pack of ten Baboons?
ISIS runs a historical ladder.
Who would win this punch-up: A Tiger With No Teeth and No Claws vs Brock Lesnar?
Matrix Trio vs MCU Defender Teams: Who would win?
Who'd win, Elephant vs Anaconda?
Who would claim victory out of Storm vs. Sand, and why?
Who would win in a fight, MMA Fighter or Ancient Mongol Warrior?
A completely maxed out Last Dragonborn enters your favourite setting and resolves to conquer it: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this battle: Sir Crocodile vs Tier Harribel?
Who'd win, Franchise battle: Transformers vs My little Pony?
Who would win a fight between Tywins Lannister's army and the best military force from the free cities?
Who would win in a battle between a human and Superman?
Who would win in a fight? Ss4 gogeta fused with mega shenron fused with naruto while in full controlled nine tailed fox mode fused with batman fused with eminem vs. the green lantern fused with dexter fused with superman fused with ben 10 fused with arceus.
If a war broke out between either sides of prime meridian , who would win?
Ranma Saotome vs...
If Tsunade and Hinata fought, who would win?
For a World War III, who'd be the USA's allies and enemies on every continent?
Captain America at a list of non-combat feats
who's the strongest character a bloodlusted goat from Goat Simulator could beat?
Who has better combat speed MCU Thor or 616 Thor?
Who would win, Hulk or Ronan the Accuser?
Who would win, The Crystal Gems vs. Composite Sinister Six?
In a lightsaber duel, who would win: Darth Sidious, Ahsoka Tano, and Mace Windu versus Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, and Count Dooku?
Are there any reported cases of fights between Gorillas and Lions in captivity?
Who wins in a battle between Ghost Rider and Optimus Prime?
Who would win in a fight between ISIS and Luke Skywalker?
Mario vrs Sonic in a twerking contest
Who would win this duel: Sarah Mclachlan's SPCA commercials vs the opening sequence in the Last of Us?
Who can beat Catwoman if she had control over every fictional cat?
If Mexico and Canada both declared war on the US and joined the Axis Powers in after Pearl Habour, how would the United States act differently?
Who would win this duel: Kharn the Betrayer Vs. Great Wolf Logan Grimnar?
Who would be victorious out of Kaiokenx20 MUI Goku VS Whis, and why?
Sonic The Hedgehog vs Knuckles The Echidna: Who would be the winner?
In a battle between a China-Pakistan alliance versus a Russia-India alliance, which alliance would win?
Who is the weakest character who could defeat a fully grown grizzly bear?
A t-rex that breathes extinguisher fluid vs a dragon that breathes fire: Who would come out on top?
Three kangaroos vs. horse-sized chicken: Who would be victorious?
Featuring Samus Aran!
Who would win, 6 Million Jews vs 100,000 Taliban?
Charlie from "Flowers for Algernon" visits Bobby Fischer for a simple game of chess while Charlie is at his peak.
Who'd win, Goku vs Superman?
Who'd win, Slaughterhouse Nine vs The Seven Warlords?
Who would win this battle: Captain America vs. Ant-Man?
Who would win, The firey cat of doom becomes your favorite characters sidekick, does he help them or hurt them?
Who would win in a battle between Atticus Higginbottom Or Rand al'Thor?
Does Pakistan really think it can win a war against India?
You Gain 1 Random power and decide to go HUNTING!!! Who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Battle of the Harry's. Potter vs Dresden?
If WW3 will happen in coming 60 years, what can become the fuse?
Ultimate Ghost Rider joins the Avengers during Infinity War. How does it go?
Who would win, the Russian army or the US army, on the battlefield and without any support from air force, artillery, or military vehicles?
Humanity suddenly dissapears from the face of the earth. Which animal species would rise to become dominant?
Who would win a war between Achaemenid Iran and Roman Empire?
Bruce Wayne with noodle arms vs 50 silverback gorillas: Who would be victorious?
Can you beat a martial artist in a fight with no training?
Who would win this match: Wonder Woman vs. Vegeta?
How many composite Brock Lesnars does it take to kill an average bear?
Some people argue that in a real fight under pressure one usually forgets most of the techniques or moves. How true is that?
Who would win, A Yautja hunter fused with the Venom symbiote versus a Xenomorph fused with the Carnage symbiote?
In an all-out war, which star fleet would win: Star Trek or Star Wars?
A kangaroo somehow got a hold of some brass knuckles and steel toe boots... who can he take down: Who would come out on top?
Who'd win, Tom vs Sylvester the Cat?
Who would win: Hulk or D.O.F.P. sentinels?
Who'd win, One Punch Man vs Bugs Bunny?
Who would win, Stephen Hawking vs Stephen Hawking?
Who would win, Imperiex or Imperiex-Prime?
Strongest person Peak War Verse Team 7 beat in Bleach Verse?
Would it take more ants to kill a human or more humans to kill King Kong?
Which country will win the race to send the first person to Mars and when?
Who'd win, Batman vs Little Mac in a boxing match?
MCU Ultron enters the Star Wars universe at the beginning of the Clone Wars.
One sliverback Gorilla with human level intelligence vs A siberian Tiger: Who would be the winner?
How do fights between parents affect children?
Could the Krusty Krew stop Nightcrawler from stealing the Krabby Patty secret Formula?
Who would win in a fight, Darkseid or Flash?
Who would win, Mr. Peanutbutter with Krypto the Superdog's powers vs Bojack Horseman trained by Batman?
Who would win, Simba vs Shere Khan?
Who would win this match: Captain America vs. a Bengal Tiger?
If Russia, China, and North Korea went to war with the UK, Canada and Australia, who would win?
If there were a war between dog people and cat people on Quora, which side would win and why?
For all you anime fans: who would win? Zoro Vs. Kirito?
If the entire Middle East went to war, who would be the last two countries standing?
Who would win, Darth Malgus vs Darth Bane?
How will our world be today, if the 20th century didn't witness the 2 world wars?
Who would win, Master Chief vs U.S Army?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight between Jaime "Kingslayer" Lannister and Sandor "The Hound" Clegane?
Which side would win in a fight between the Mass Effect and Halo universes?
Who would win in a fight, Goten and Trunks or Naruto and Sasuke?
Hypothetically, how would a fight between Jordan Burroughs and Khabib go if they fought in the UFC, given that Jordan spends a few years training and fighting?
Who would win in a war between Russia and Poland?
Lets say Russia and NATO are at war, it doesn’t matter why, how would you get by?
Strongest opponent Fox Apocalypse could beat in the MCU?
Officer Barbrady vs Paul Blart, Mall Cop Extraordinaire: Who would be the victor?
Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra: If there was a hypothetical Cs 1.6 battle between all branches which branch would win?
100 Killer Rabbits from Monty Pythons and the Holy Grail Vs. The Combined Military of North Korea: Who would have the edge?
Could Fox McCloud destroy the Death Star?
Who'd win, Stormbreaker Thor vs Hela?
Madagascar decides to SHUT IT ALL DOWN!!! What is the weakest country that can conquer Madagascar?
Who'd win, The Punisher and The Batman swap brains, who does better with the other's respective universe and disposition?
Who would win in a war between Portugal and India?
Can Ronda Rousey beat Dwayne Johnson in a fight?
Who would win, Absorbing Man vs Frank Castle?
Could any WW2 tank take an Abrams?
A gorilla vs a black bear: Who would claim victory?
How many Mike Tysons would it take to beat Betty White?
Who'd win, Atom shadowing Charlie Kenton vs Iron Man in a boxing match?
Who can beat the Taskmaster three times in a row in hand to hand combat?
Is Russia really winning the information war around the Sripal poisoning?
Who would win this punch-up: Joker's brain in superman's body vs Marvel earth?
Ultimate Composite Human
Who would be the champion out of Iron Man vs Captain America + Bucky, and why?
Who would win, 1 full grown Elephant vs a family of 4 in an SUV?
Who would win, Kakashi or Aizawa?
Who would win, Vegeta vs Gohan?
Who would win, Silat masters or grapplers?
My Body vs. Alcohol
Who would win in a war between US and NATO against Pakistan and China?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Smilodon vs Dire Wolf pack, and why?
Navy SEALs vs Raptors: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight: a cat or an eagle?
If you were Quinctilius Varus, how would you win the Battle of Teutoburg Forest?
Who would win in a fight, Italian Spiderman or regular Spider-Man?
Was Franco a good leader during his reign, including WW2?
Who would win, The Nordic Countries vs Israel?
Who is the strongest character that the US military could beat?
Who can beat 1 million random human adults?
Who would win in a fight: Scarlet Witch or the Martian Man-hunter?
Who would win in a war between France and Israel?
Who would win, Kid Buu vs Beerus?
Who would win, Son Goku Base vs MSSJ Goku?
Who would come out on top out of The 3 Kings and Yusuke Vs The 4 Heavenly Kings, and why?
Who would win, Worm vs. Worms?
Who would win this combat: Dr. Strange vs Dr. Fate?
Who would win in a fight: Sasuske or Jiriaya?
Who would win, Kazuya vs Akuma?
Who would win, North Korea vs Australia?
Who would be victorious out of average Marvel human vs average DC human, and why?
Madara vs. Darth Sideous: Who would win?
All characters Samuel L Jackson has ever played are in a Battle Royale. Who wins?
If all of the US Military fought a war against each other, who would win? Let’s assume each has the same amount of people. For the sake of the question combine the Navy and Marines as one and include the Air Force, Army and Coast Guard.
Who would win, Flash vs. Quicksilver?
North Korea vs Israel: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Gaara vs. Whitebeard?
Who would win, Triceratops vs T-REX?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Sokka?
Who will win between three historical people if fight broke out between them? A shaolin temple monk, a samurai or a ninja?
Who would win in a war between Egypt and Denmark?
What is the most epic historical battle ever?
Who would win in a fight between an African Leopard and a Sea Lion?
Who'd win, Blade vs Belmont vs Buffy, the greatest of the vampire slayers?
Is it true that tanks alone without infantry cannot win a battle? I am citing Churchill in the “Darkest Hour".
If the American Civil War was fought today, who would emerge victorious? The North or the South?
Who would win in a fight between The One Above All and Heaven Ascention DIO?
Who'd win, G. Gordon Godfrey vs Gilbert Gottfried?
If World War 3 occurs, where would be the best place to not be involved in the war whatsoever?
The Last Saskatchewan Pirate steals John Wick's dog. Can John get it back?
Who would win in a fight Wonder Woman or Thor?
The Care Bears decide to travel to Earth and kill as many humans as they can. What is the final death-toll and who ends up taking them down: Who would have the edge?
Fully grown giraffe or fully grown hippo?
Who would win, Galactus or Apocalypse?
Who'd win, A Bloodlusted Barney the Dinosaur with Wings Vs. Mega Man stuck in Flame Man's suit?
Who would win a fight between Wonder Woman and She Hulk?
Who would win in a bar fight, one Royal Marine or one U.S. Marine?
Who would win in a battle, the Punisher or John Rambo?
Who would win between various mythological creatures , in a Pokemon-style battle?
Since NATO is unprepared for a large scale Russian invasion, how far could Russia make it inside Europe?
Who would win in a battle between Hulk and Red Hulk?
Who would win in a one on one battle between a French cuirassier and an Edo period mounted samurai?
Superman vs Goku with a twist: Who would have the edge?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Fedor vs Swole Kangaroo, and why?
Who would win this war: Shadow vs Mewtwo?
In honor of THORsday, how long can Batman's rogues gallery hold out against the God of Thunder?
Who would win this combat: SCP-682 vs SCG?
How many Deer can BATMAN track down and kill in an hour, while completely naked?
Who would win in a fight, Toph or Alex Armstrong?
Who Would Win: Average European knight w/ Samurai gear vs. Average Samurai w/ Knight gear
If, halfway through the Indy 500, all but one car has crashed, does the last driver have to complete the race to win or does he win by default?
Upon conquering France early on in the WW2; why didn't Nazi Germany make serious attempts to seize and use the French fleet to gain the complete mastery of the Atlantic and Mediterranean?
Who is the weakest character that can solo “PETA’s Revenge?”
Is Bolton going to start WW3?
What did Mexico do in World War 2?
Who would win this fight: Seal Team Six vs. A Elite Field Marshal?
Who would win a fight between Hank/Beast and Wolverine?
Who would be the winner out of Hush vs Kalerot Vs Thunder Woman, and why?
Who would win this duel: Kung fu panda vs teenage mutant ninja turtles?
Who would win this war: Hercules/Heracles VS Samson?
Composite Sean Bean
Who would win in a fight, Darth Maul or Assajj Ventress?
Who would win out of Battle between the Persona teams from 3, 4, and 5, and why?
Who would win in a worldwide election battle between Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe?
Who would win this fight: Australian wildlife vs. North American wildlife?
Can Conor McGregor beat Floyd Mayweather in a boxing match?
Whose power would be the most self destructively impractical with real world physics?
What would win in a battle between a P 1000 'Ratte' tank and an Imperial Baneblade?
Who would win the on-demand valet parking war between Zirx and LuxeValet and why?
Break the internet? Fix the internet!?
In a battle between 100 phase 2 clone troopers and 100 stormtroopers, who would win?
Who'd win, Shrek vs Quasimodo?
Who would win in a fight between The Hulk, Juggernaut, and Doomsday?
Who would win in a fight between the US and USSR if they went to war back in 1961?
Polar bear vs gorilla: Who would be victorious?
20 years by yourself - superhero showdown
Who would win, Cruiser vs Tartarus?
How many modern Navy SEALs would it take to beat WWI era Germany?
Who will win a fight between Arjun and Meghnad? Will that fight ever end?
Who would win in a fight between Worldbreaker Hulk and Swamp Thing?
Darth Nihilus vs Darth Vader: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Adam Taurus or Cinder?
Could Kratos defeat Talion?
Who would win, The Five Calamities or Isaac Netero?
If a war broke out between the Harry Potter universe and the Asgardians, who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Magneto vs. Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a battle between 1 Nimitz-class aircraft carrier and the entire fleet of the largest naval battle ever?
What modern animal would stand a chance against a velociraptor?
Who will win in a battle between Thanos and every Jojo characters ever?
Who would win in a fight: Thor and Hulk vs Doomsday and Superman?
Kenshiro VS Thor: Who would have the edge?
Are there scenarios that narutoverse defeats the daleks ?
The Avengers vs Freddie Mercury with all of his powers from Don't Stop Me Now: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between the protagonist of Horizon Zero Dawn, Aloy, and the protagonist of The Surge, Warren? And what would happen if they swapped games?
Who would win a fight between a bear and an alligator?
Who would win between Surtur vs Thanos?
What is the most powerful animal-human combo and what is the most powerful character it can beat?
If Tien from DBZ fought Spider-Man, who would win, and why?
It's that time again. Assume the number of subscribers is our DBZ power level. Who is the strongest opponent we could defeat?
How Many White Rhinos Would it Take to Kill a Triceratops?
Who would be the winner out of Man inside a antibear suit vs a man with bear strength, and why?
Who would win this fight: Little Mac vs Balrog, the David and Goliath of boxing?
Who would win, Salesforce or ServiceNow?
Let's assume that if the Spy from TF2 can stab you in the back, you die regardless of your power, what you're wearing, etc. Who's the strongest character the Spy can beat?
Who'd win, Venom vs Clifford the Big Red Dog?
What is the difference between martial arts and real combat?
All WWE wrestlers gain the powers of their gimmick. Who is the strongest WWE Superstar?
Hulk, Boxing rounds.
Who'd win, Cat in a Dachshunds body vs Dachshund in a cats body?
In a battle between two supervillain organization, who wins: The League of Shadows or The Hand?
Who'd win, Superman vs Doctor Strange?
Who would win in a battle between Italy and a unified Syria?
In an all-out war, using the Force and lightsabers, who do you think would win between Darth Sidious and Count Dooku vs. Yoda and Mace Windu?
Black Bolt vs Zebra: Who would be the winner?
Who'd win, Six US Navy Seals VS the Kraken from Pirates of the Caribbean?
If Usopp and Chopper fought, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between a mastiff dog and a gorilla?
Who would claim victory out of Edward Elric Vs. Ruby Rose, and why?
Who would win, Bigby Wolf vs Harry Dresden?
Who would win this brawl: The bat family vs The RVB freelancers?
Were US Marines tougher than elite German troops in WW2?
Who would win, Dante Vs. Guilmon?
Who would win, UI Goku or UI Vegeta?
Who would win this war: Christopher Lee Battle: Dracula vs. Scaramanga vs. Saruman vs. Dooku?
How did America win WW2?
Who would win, Bighorn sheep playing a horn vs a Harp Seal playing a harp?
Who would win this battle: Wolverine, Deadpool and Sabertooth vs Gamora, Nebula and Drax?
Who won the 1965 Indo-Pak war?
Who wins in a fight between a grizzly bear and 14 wolves?
Is the sentence, "The Players, as well as the captain, wants to win this match" correct?
Who would win, Deathstroke vs Black Panther?
How can I ensure I win a 100m race?
Could Cable beat Thanos in a fight?
Has there been a fight between Gambhir and Sehwag?
If the big dragon from HTTYD1 fought the big dragon from HTTYD2, who would win?
The superbowl sharks versus the dancing lobsters: Who would win?
strongest star wars vessel current humanity can defeat and how
Can world war 3 happen? And what would be the result?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Sidious and Naga Sadow?
Who would come out on top out of Comic Book Knowledge, unite! Superman VS Hulk, please debunk a video for me, and why?
Prime Mike Tyson vs an adult baboon: Who would be the winner?
Who would win this match: Water Monitor vs Spectacled Caiman?
Who would win, Buu vs Zetsu?
Who would win in a war between the Angevin Empire and the Holy Roman Empire in the year 1150?
If Superman fought the Hulk in a Zero-Bias, ScrewAttack-Style Death Battle, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, a terror bird or an adult male Siberian tiger?
Who will win in a fight between Rottweiler and Husky?
Did Hitler really admire the UK or was he bluffing?
If a sizable enough group of people who were determined, trained, equipped, and organized enough broke away from America, would the federal gov’t intercede with their military or in another manner? And if so, would a second civil war ensue?
What point should I say to win the debate about the good versus bad in globalization?
Who would win in a fight between the S400 and the SU57 fighter?
Who would win in an English prize fight between Gaston and Clayton?
Who would win in a fight between the White Lantern and Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet?
Bull in a Toy shop
What am I to do if "God wins"?
Congrats WhoWouldWin we're now known as having some of the best content on the entire site
Who will win the Python Battle between Adam D'Angelo and Steve Huffman?
How many unarmed humans would it take to defeat each of these animals?
Who would win this combat: Van Helsing versus Moriarity?
How can I win against CPS?
Who would win this war: Full size bull vs. a full size male lion?
Do you think Trump is very likely to start WW3?
John wick was hired to kill the president of the United States, can he do it?
who would win between 3 Spartans vs 3 Guardians .
Who would win this combat: AVGN vs Hidan?
Who'd win, Teddy Roosevelt vs Winston Churchill in a bare-knuckled boxing match?
How many Deinonychus and Sabertooth tigers would it take for them to be 50/50 in a fight.
Who would win, Tai Lung vs Yang Xiao Long?
Who would win in a battle between Shiva and Vishnu?
If there's a hand-to-hand fight between Darth Vader and General Grievous, who would win?
Who would win in a deathmatch between Boa Hancock versus Cat Burglar Nami Nico Robin?
You + 5 clones of you vs. A bunch of animals Who would win?
Who'd win, God Emperor of Mankind vs Saitama?
Who'd win, Beatrix Kiddo vs Tifa Lockhart in hand-to-hand combat?
How practical is judo in a fight?
Who would come out on top out of Thanos vs Surter with Ant Man's powers, and why?
Who would win this match: Obi-Wan Kenobi vs. Middle Earth Shadow of War/Mordor?
Who would win, Charles Barkley's Best Slam Dunk vs Trader Joe's Strawberry Jam?
Who would win, Ponzu vs. Killua Zoldyck?
Who would win in an actual fight between One Punch Man and Chuck Norris?
Wimpiest Vampires: Count Chacula,The Count, The Glittering Vampire
Team of The Month: Gotei 13 Captains
Is the Flying kick effective in a fight?
What would the UN do if WW3 broke out?
Who would win this duel: The US military protecting Obama vs. An ever increasing number of army ants on a warpath?
You with plot armor in your own movie VS Infinity Gauntlet Thanos, the characters of Dragonball Z, the Justice League, Voltron, and a maxed level DnD mage Who would win?
Who would be victorious out of Bears with high powered rifles vs sharks with lasers, and why?
Can a sapient, vampiric Tiger tank conquer Westeros?
If Doctor Strange saw all the possible outcomes of their fight, why did he say there was just one where they’ll win? Is there no possibility that Tony and Peter could've gotten the gauntlet off?
Gypsy Danger vs Topo the Octopus: Who would be the champion?
Could Pinky and the Brain conquer the world if they built a Mickey Mouse suit and used that?
Who would win between the Sith, Empire and the First Order if they all had to battle each other?
What is the strongest Pokemon that an adult male African elephant can beat?
Who would win in a fight, Thor and Hulk or Superman and Wonder Woman?
Hypothetical Scenario: Who would win a cricket match between the teams who has all 11 players as bowlers vs. all 11 players as batsmen?
In a battle to the death, who would win: Thanos, Molecule Man, and the Phoenix vs Sentry, Superman One Million, and Adam Warlock?
Who would win a battle between the forces of Alexander the Great and Scipio Africanus?
Who would win, The Who vs. Led Zeppelin: And not the Music?
Who would win, adult Sasuke or adult Garaa?
Who'd win, Bigby Wolf vs Eren Yeager?
If there were an all out war amongst all the super heroes/super villains ever who would win?
You vs Bengal Tiger Who would win?
Who would win if Nightcrawler and Ciri fought?
Is there any historical figure that can resist the temptation of the One Ring and destroy it in Mordor?
Who would win this brawl: Doctor Strange VS Zatana?
If WW3 breaks out, who will be our allies and enemies?
What will happen if a war breaks out between North Korea and the U.S.?
Every single character Keannu Reaves has ever played all face off in a battle royale. Who would win?
All Might 100%, or The MCU Hulk?
Who would win a war between Australia and Canada, in which the entire militaries of each deploy to an island the size of Ireland and face each other . This is purely hypothetical, as Australia and Canada are allies.
Who would win this brawl: Battle of the Omnipotents: God of the Bible , vs Azatoth , vs The One Above All , vs the Presence ?
Who would win this fight: Chigurh vs Czernobog?
If imperial Japan and Nazi Germany were to fight each other at their peak just before or during World War 2, without nukes and with or without their allies, who would have won?
How many Skyrim skeletons could an average adult human in a bulletproof vest kill with a baseball bat?
In a battle between all Jedi ever and all dark side users ever, who would win?
Who would win in a war between Portugal and Ireland?
Who would win this fight: Solid Snake, Mystique, and Agent 47 team up to assassinate the US president. Can Batman stop them?
What happens after World War III?
Who'd win in a fight between Scott Adkins and Michael Jai White? What types of martial arts have you taken and which one is your favorite?
What will happen to Southeast Asia, Africa and South America if World War 3 breaks out?
Which WWE/WWF Wrestler would win in an actual fight?
Who'd win, Omega Red vs Dr. Octopus?
Who would win in a fight between Chidori and Rasengan?
Have you ever been jumped in a fight?
What if the X-Men fought the Avengers, both sides completely throwing out the no killing rule, who would win?
Who would win this match: Kangaroo vs Horse?
Were the Crusades justified?
How many countries will likely emerge from the USA if they lose WW3?
Who'd win, Batman and Robin vs Resident Evil 2?
Who would win, Voldemort & 800 poisonous snakes vs Darth Maul & Darth Vader?
Earth is believed to be a breeding ground for heaven.
Who would win, Indiana Jones vs. a blind Rhino?
A flight of 6 F-22A Raptors with 12 F-35 Lightnings meets a surprise.
Batman vs. Nightcrawler, who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: The Bat family vs the avengers?
Which comic book character could beat the Abrahamic God, as described in the Bible, the Torah and the Q'uran?
Batman with 1 year prep must prevent Snoop Dog from getting high for one day.
Who'd win, The greatest warriors from Middle Earth and the greatest warriors from A Song Of Ice And Fire come together for a tournament?
Who'd win, A billion ants vs. one human with access to a hardware store?
Where will WW3 start?
How do I stop worrying about WW3 happening in my lifetime?
Who'd win, Superman vs. Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight between a female lion and a leopard?
Is ‘He finished his studies before the war broke out’ correct?
Who would win in a war between Italy and Kosovo without NATO intervention and Montenegro military access?
Who'd win, Batman VS Iron Man?
Who would win if Neji and Sasuke were to fight?
All humans on Earth vs All skeletons on Earth.
Who would win in a full-on war between Indonesia and Australia? No allies are allowed to be involved, and everything is used on both sides including all weapons/planes/tanks/bombs etc.
Spiderman vs 100 Silverback Gorillas on a 1000 acre field with no trees and nothing to swing off of: Who would come out on top?
Who wins ninja versus pirate?
Which would win in a race: the fastest production car or an F1 car?
If all the assassins in Assassin’s Creed got in a fight, who would win?
Which comic book characters would lose to a version of themselves from either movies or television shows?
Who would win this brawl: Tiger Woods vs Ronda Rousey?
If Rambo fought Batman, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Nietzsche's Übermensch and Mandroid?
What would happen if all the states and territories in Australia were in a war against each other? Who would win?
I'm going to be in a street fight in a couple of days, and I have minimal fighting experience. What are some tips that might help me win?
Who would win a war between North Vietnam and the Fire Nation?
Who would Win: Goku vs Ben 10 Alien X?
a race, between lightning McQueen from Cars and Speed Racer in the Mach Five on a half road half off road oval track with each straightway being a quarter mile, 50 laps: Who would be the victor?
Leeroy Jenkins Obtains Juggernauts powers. Who can stop him?
Who would win in a fight, Weeping Angels or Daleks?
Who would win this war: Batman with Cap's shield vs Caption America with Bat's utility belt?
Bats in Supes' body
Who would win, Battle Royale: Crocodile vs Gaara vs Toph vs Sandman?
If Turkey, Russia, Iran, and China make an alliance against USA, Israel, and the EU, and possible war between them will not be avoided, who would win that war?
What if Christians take the entire New Testament as metaphor and discard the Old Testament?
Who would be the victor out of The Dragonborn vs Wonder Woman, and why?
Who would win a fight, a man or a woman?
Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft Battle Royale!
Has there been any fight between a Hyuga and a Uchiha in the Naruto manga or anime?
Who'd win, Roronoa Zoro vs A tree Branch?
Jeep wrangler vs 100 000 house cats: Who would win?
Teddy Roosvelt VS Donald Trump: Who would be the winner?
What are some dirty methods I can use in order to win a fight?
Who would win, God Emperor Of Mankind Vs. Odin?
Who would win a war between the UNSC or the Imperium of Mankind?
Who would win in a battle royale between Mickey Mouse, Mario, Liu Kang and Bugs Bunny?
Both in their prime, Ray Lewis vs Floyd Mayweather in a street fight.
Who would win in a fight: two men of the same height, age, and weight, but one is fighting with an aluminum baseball bat and the other with a 7"-8" long combat knife?
Who would win, A Bull Hippo vs a Killer Whale?
Who would win in a fight, Chewbacca or Bolin?
You vs You 10 years ago... Who would win?
If the Green Arrow fought Spiderman who would win?
Comic Books: Who would win in a battle between Iron Man, Thor, Captain America, and Magneto?
You appear in the Dragon Ball universe, and can absorb the power of anybody you defeat. Can you conquer Earth? Who would win?
Why didn’t Germany call Vichy France as an ally into the war?
Arnold Schwarzenegger vs. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, both in their prime: who would win in a fight?
Who'd win, WW1 Germany VS Peak Fire Nation?
Who would win in a fight, Shadow or Silver?
Who'd win, Thanoscopter vs Supermobile?
Who would win, Orson Scott Card vs. Alan Moore?
Who would claim victory out of Shadow the Hedgehog Vs. Trixie Lulamoon in a 2 out of 3, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Rune King Thor and Ghost Rider?
Who would win out of Punisher, with prep, vs Contessa, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: 10 Male Tigers & 10 Male Lions vs a T Rex?
Who would win this punch-up: Ratchet and Clank Vs Jak and Daxter?
Who'd win, Thor's God Blast vs. Goku's Whole-Earth charged Spirit Bomb?
Who would win, 1 large bear or 100 tiny bears, each 1/100th of the size/strength/weight of the larger bear? The tiny bears attack with a hive mindset.
Who would win between Dr. Manhattan and Thanos?
Which army would win if fights occured between US troops from WW2 and US troops from Vietnam war?
Who would win Rune King Thor or Superman’s strongest form?
How do people in the UK and the world feel about World War 3 happening soon?
Bergamo vs The Flash: Who would be the champion?
Who would be the champion out of Ghost Rider Vs Vision, and why?
Who would win, Darth Vader or Doctor Strange?
Who would win in a fight: Voldemort or Dumbledore?
Who would come out on top out of Zilla vs. The T-Rex from Jurassic Park 2, and why?
Who would win, the Flash or Reverse-Flash? Who would win, Zoom or Savitar?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Rick Sanchez?
Who would win, Kaladin Stormblessed or Vin the Mistborn?
How many gorillas would it take to defeat a T-Rex?
Who would win in a fight between Gambit and Captain America?
Who would win, Hunter Captain vs Pavium?
Who would win, Beerus vs Cyclops?
Why is Islam involved in a fight with every religion?
Cuteness: which animal can rival three kittens in adorableness?
Who would win, Infinite Monkeys vs. Shakespeare?
Who knew about the fight between Naruto and Sasuke after the fourth war, except Kakashi, Sakura, Hagoromo and Tailed Beasts?
Why didn't Goku ever teach Mr. Satan how to use Ki?
Who would win, Killua and Gon or Rammot?
Kirby versus the entire Touhou cast. Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of gorilla vs grizzly bear, and why?
Why was reaching the moon considered the winning condition of the Space Race instead of sending the first man to outer space?
Who would win in a non-nuclear war between North Korea and Brazil?
Who would win in a war between Malaysia and Bangladesh?
Who'd win, A trained fighter vs a wolf?
You in a Crysis Nanosuit w/ your favorite street level character vs 4 naked Space Marines Who would win?
If Captain America and S.H.I.E.L.D. agents had been dispatched to rescue the president in the final act of Iron Man 3, how do you think they would have fared?
Tooru Rikiishi vs Steven Universe in a boxing match: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win a Fight Between Thanos And God?
Who would win, Jumping Spider or "Number 2" Beast King?
Who would win in a battle between a Boerboel and a wolf?
Who would win in fight between Superman and a vampire or Dracula?
MCU Yondu vs MCU Iron Man, Who Would Win?
What are the most effective places to kick in a fight?
Which one would win a fight, a polar bear or a grizzly bear?
Who can win between Uganda and Rwanda at war?
Who would win in a battle between John Constantine and Harold Angel of the film Angel Heart?
Who would win this brawl: Cartoon Network vs Disney vs Nickelodeon?
Could BearShark capture the Roadrunner?
Who would win a battle to the death; Leatherface or Michael Myers?
A Character Guessing Thread, Done In The Spirit Of /r/whowouldwin
Has there ever been a war between two nuclear-armed nations?
Who would win in a fight between a Siberian tiger versus a cave lion?
Who would win in a fight, Roy Mustang or Zuko?
What's the most brutal and intense hand-to-hand fight you've ever had?
Who would win in a war between ISIS and Medellin cartel?
Schwarzenegger Hunger Games!
Who would win in a fight between Goku versus all students and teachers in My Hero Academia?
If Lewis Hamilton converted all his poles into wins, how many race wins and World Titles would he have now?
Supergirl vs Wonder Woman: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Big guy vs guy with a baseball bat?
Tournament of Might: Round 1 Results
A Great Dane Who Has Never Been in a Fight Before vs. A Wolf Who Has Grown Up in The Wild
Every illusionist's act becomes a real superpower. Houdini can conjure and vanquish elephants, David Copperfield can now walk through walls, and Criss Angel can actually levitate. Which magician comes on top, and what's the strongest character they can defeat?
Which would win in a dogfight between the F-16 and the Eurofighter Typhoon?
How would Batman win against 'Scenario X'?
Game of Thrones' White Walkers get replaced with White Walkers... How does Westeros fare?
Who would win, Seal Team Six vs White House Security?
Who would win, A person has to reach furthest distance by foot, while only being able to consume food and water that he/she carried on themselves from the start of the journey?
Who would win a fight, a Wolverine or a Silverback Gorilla?
All NFL Football games are replaced by battles between literal representations of the teams' names. Who's going to the Superbowl?
Who would win in a fight, Goten or Robin?
All Anime/Manga universes vs All Superhero/comic universes vs All of Science fiction universes vs All Fantasy universes, Who wins.
Who'd win, African Bush Elephant vs. White Rhinoceros?
The new Avengers replace the old Avengers in Avengers 1.
Who would win in a fight between a bear and a ninja?
Who would win in a fight, Bane or Winter Soldier?
Who would win, North Korea vs Japan?
Who would win this war: Arm Wrestling. Hulk vs. Saitama?
Who'd win, The Mountain Vs a rather large Alligator/Crocodile?
endeavor
Does Richard Muller really think that slow and steady always wins the race?
Who would win in a fight, Percy Jackson or Katara?
Who would win in a fight between a Terminator from 40k and a Big Daddy from Bioshock?
Who would win in a street fight, a pro street fighter or a Navy Seal?
People always want them to fight, but if Goku and Superman met, how would it really go?
Who would be the champion out of A Tank Sized Ant vs A Tank, and why?
What is the strongest version of Goku that a Twilight vampire could take down?
Who would win, MCU Hulk versus MCU Vision?
USS Iowa vs old pirate ships: Who would be the victor?
Who would win a war between: Vatican City, NATO, Harry Potter, Superman, and a Chicken?
What fictional character could lose against a normal human who mastered every martial art and was at top condition in both strength and endurance?
Legolas is dropped into the world of the Walking Dead .How long can he survive?
The Legend of Zelda: Who would win in a fight: Voldemort or Ganondorf?
Who would win, Groot or Deadpool?
Who is the weakest character who can beat Bigby Wolf and who is the strongest he can beat?
Who would win between the Tau’ri from Stargate and the Race from Worldwar?
Who would have the edge out of Indominus rex vs. The Predator, and why?
Who would have the edge out of Kratos vs Luffy, and why?
Who would win a fight between Jon Jones and Stefun Struve?
Who'd win, Superman vs Goku 2?
Who'd win, Raditz vs. Wolf o'Donnell?
Who will win a battle between Lord Voldemort and Titan Thanos? Suppose Thanos has all the Infinity Stones and Voldemort has the Deathly Hallows.
Who would win, the Flash vs Whis?
Hypothetically, could I legally purchase or build a warfare ready drone and "fight ISIS"?
Who would win, One Punch Man Vs Superman?
Who would win, Obi Wan Kenobi vs Darth Vader?
So, Mephiles the Dark vs Infinite?
Steve Brule, Mr. Bean, and Borat Run for President: Who would win?
Who would win out of Dr Manhattan vs 1 Punch Man, and why?
Who would be the winner out of South Korea, Japan and Taiwan deploy their entire military in Gaza against Israel, and why?
You now have a Death Note and a shimigami to go along with it. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, a pro MMA fighter or a monkey of similar stature?
Will we see a rematch of Cena versus Reigns from No Mercy? If so, who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Bruce Lee or Jet Li?
Who is the strongest hero a regular North American beaver could 6/10
Did boxer Peter McNeeley deliberately fought 36 journeymen to hype up his win-lost record, in order to get a one time big money fight which was Mike Tyson in 1995?
Who can win in a fight DC's Hawk of Capcom's M. Bison?
Who would win: Luffy or Batman?
What trio of Marvel superheroes or supervillains could defeat Superman, the Flash, and Wonder Woman in a 3v3 deathmatch?
Every cat-themed superhero and villain of the DC universe vs. Every bird-themed superhero and villain.
Who would win in a fight between Mayweather and GGG?
Frieza runs the Toriko gauntlet
Who will win in a war between Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and Austria-Hungary?
The USS Iowa replaces the HMS Thunder Child . How many tripods can it solo?
Who would have the edge out of Ike vs Link, and why?
Po vs. Sing vs. Kung Fury: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a non superpower fight, Superman or Hal Jordan?
Who is the weakest character that could defeat a regular human in a fight?
Why isn't World War III happening and to see new inventions of interesting technologies?
Monkey D. Luffy becomes the new host of the Nine Tailed Fox: Kurama. Who is the strongest character that he can defeat?
If you had to fight Princess Celestia , who would win between you and her?
Who would win, Frost or Piccolo?
How do you win an argument against someone that plays the "race card?"
Who would win in a fight between Kratos and Melkor?
Who would win, Five Kage or Naruto?
Who would win in a fight between every literary universe and Deadpool?
In a hypothetical situation, who would win in a war between the US vs. Armenia, Greece, Serbia, Poland, and Russia . In the scenario, the US has decided to invade Armenia via Turkey because of their NATO relations.
The Chimera ants vs. The strongest DBZ character they can reliably beat: Who would have the best chance of winning?
In a battle between monkey and an ape with similar size, which one wins?
Who will win a bare-handed battle between 100 Spartans and 100 Ghatak platoons?
Who'd win, Ichigo vs ghost rider?
Who would win in a fight, Nightwing or Batman?
Who would be victorious out of Vampires versus Genestealers, and why?
If Russia and America went to war against each other, with which side would China and India ally? And how about the EU, with whom would they ally?
Were alternative policies to Appeasement realistic in light of the historical context?
Every iteration of Link duke it out
If no other countries are involved, who would win a war between Mexico, Brazil, Chile, Peru, Colombia, and Argentina vs Turkey, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, Kuwait, and Bahrain?
Who would win this battle: Average adult male on 10 lines of coke VS giant panda on 5 lines of coke?
Who would win this fight: Bulls vs. Timberwolves?
Who would win in a battle between Lady Shiva and Elektra?
Who would win, Jean Grey with Phoenix Force or Doomsday?
How many Zdeno Charas of the NHL would it take to overwhelm Gaara of the Sand?
Who would win this fight: Wakanda vs. United States?
After a misunderstanding, Kevin Bacon gets the ability to absorb the power of those who he defeats in combat. Who does he need to battle to defeat Thanos in 6 or less fights?
Nazi Germany with the Winter Soldier v.s Allied Powers
Who would win in a fight: Master Chief or Doomguy?
Who would win between Captain America and Heimdall?
If Great Britain fell in WWII, would Ireland join the Allies and fight on? Could we even see a Irish-American invasion of occupied Europe?
Who would win, Star Destroyer VS. Mobius Dick?
What would be the global response if the UK unexpectedly nuked Finland?
If ever there is a battle between top Quorans and relatively unknown Quorans, who will win?
How many unarmed humans would be needed to destroy a modern tank?
Who would win, Ruby Rose vs. Ryuko Matoi?
Who would win this combat: The Justice League vs Lord Boros?
Who would win, Boruto vs Kakashi?
Who would win, Baise and Ivlenkov and Shachmono Tocino vs Shizuku Murasaki and Franklin Bordeau?
Why would someone hold a knife upside down in a fight?
Were the bombings of Nagasaki and Hiroshima done because the US wanted to make a show of force to other countries, especially the USSR?
When Duryodhana is the main opponent leader, then why is the fight between Arjuna and Karna more glorified than Bhima and Duryodharna?
Who would win, Batman has tracked a dangerously large chunk of Kryptonite in the middle of nowhere and decides to retrieve it for Safe Keeping. Near the Same time Courage the Cowardly dog discovers a large green glowing rock under the house?
Who would win, Jimmy Neutron vs Cat Noir?
What Cereal Mascot would win in a fight against Superman?
can Joker and Harley Quinn beat Voldemort and Bellatrix?
Who would win a fight between Worf and Strax?
BRAIN BATTLE.
Who would be victorious out of Po vs Chen from WoW, and why?
If Darth Vader ran versus Donald Trump for the presidency in 2020 who would win?
Why was the fight between Fenrir and the Hulk in Thor: Ragnarok so brief?
Can Hulk win an arm wrestle with Superman Prime One Million?
Who would win in a fight, Optimus Prime or Lex Luthor?
If Germany tried to attack France nowadays , what would happen?
There is a grizzly bear, a gorilla, a crocodile, and a moose in a giant cage fighting to the death. Who wins? All the combatants are fully grown males except for the crocodile.
Who would win this fight: The strongest character that the President from Rick and Morty could defeat?
How will the Indian Air Force go against the Chinese Air Force in the situation of an all out war?
Are the episodes after the final fight between Naruto and Sasuke just fillers?
Who would win a fight between Ghost Rider and Spawn?
How do I win the battle between doing something or not?
What would be the outcome of a war between Japan and China with no outside interference?
Who would win, one member of the Thark race vs Four Arms?
Who would win, Toga or Midoriya?
Which major historical figure would be the most powerful if they received one power based on their most iconic feat/legend/weapon.
If it was the U.S. and Russia versus the entire world, who would win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Tai Lung vs Venom, and why?
Who would win, Liquor or Arack?
Who would be the victor out of Ash's Pikachu vs Tony-Tony Chopper, and why?
Can Mars Rover *Curiosity* kill a common household cat?
Which country would the US be more likely to win a war against: China or Russia?
Who would win in a fight between the 3rd Hokage or the 4th Hokage when they are both in their prime?
Who would be the victor out of The World of Ice and Fire must earn its right to sovereignty... by MORTAL KOMBAT, and why?
Fox Vs Comedy Central in canceling good shows: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Godzilla vs the Nine Tailed Fox?
Who would win in a three way fight between Magic Emperor Ghaleon, Magus, and Sephiroth and why?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Shadow the Hedgehog vs. Raphael in an ethics debate, and why?
Who would win in a battle between a Grey Wolf and a Snow Leopard?
You and team vs Thanos and Darkseid Who would win?
Who'd win, Brony vs Juggalo?
Robotic Bigfoot v Two Headed Dinosaur
Noble Team has been deployed on Isla Nublar to deal with a xenomorph outbreak.
Tom Cleverley with a cricket bat v a Gorilla, then with a taser v a polar bear
How effective is anger in a fight?
What is the difference between a wood chopping ax blade and a combat ax blade?
Who would win, Pitbull vs. an actual pit bull?
Featured Character: Izuku Midoriya, "Deku"
You and your 5 friends/siblings VS a Real Life Pokemon Trainer with a pack of animals. Who would win?
Who would win in a war between the Eastern half of the Prime Meridian and Western Half?
Three strong men with bats vs an angry male Silverback gorilla: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Sinister Six vs Slaughterhouse Six at causing the most death and chaos?
The Greek Forces of the Trojan War replace the Spartans in the Battle of Thermopylae
The Mongol Empire vs the NYPD: Who would be the winner?
The animal kingdom has a war
Who would win, Minato or Sasuke?
Who would win between Captain America and Luke Cage?
Who would win in a war between China and the Fire Nation?
Who is the weakest character that can sucker-punch Superman?
Could you kill a fully grown Tiger?
Zeus versus Ghost Rider, who wins?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader vs. Harry Potter?
Who would win in a fight between Captain Atom and Dr. Manhattan?
If there were 118 equal-sized nations, and each nation's population could control one chemical element more or less the way the people in the series Avatar control their elements, which nation would win the war?
Who'd win, Sir Crocodile vs Toph?
Why do Americans not credit the British army to the effort of winning WW2? Edit: I didn't say that Britain won the war on their own, I meant helped
Who would win a fight between Oberyn Martell and Jaime Lannister?
Who would win a fight between One Punch Man and the strongest version of Superman?
What real world person would be most likely to lift Mjolnir?
Who would win, Pai Mei Vs Muten Roshi?
If there is a War between US and India without any allies on either side and no nukes, Who will win the war?
Who is going to win , Sugar or Whitebeard?
If you could rewrite a story line what characters in your opinion should have remained dead
Who would win: Anakin versus Genie from Disney's Aladdin after he was free?
Who would win, Johnny Bravo vs Larry the Lobster?
Who would win, the three Marakia Assassination Squad members vs Unnamed Holy Knights?
You're now a superhuman with powers based on your username. Who's the strongest character you could beat? Who would win?
Had Hitler not ordered von Manstein to wait, could the Germans have won the Battle of Kursk? Would this have had any impact on the war?
Who would claim victory out of Megas vs Old Man Henderson riding The Goat from Goat Simulator must destroy a city. Who destroys it the fastest, and why?
Kim Jong Un vs President Moon Jae: Who would win?
Who would win out of A grizzly bear versus a lion in a Roman colosseum, and why?
Who would be the champion out of The Revengers vs Steppenwolf, and why?
Who would lose the most power if directly shown feats, and only directly shown feats were used to calculate their strength?
If the Swiss Reduit was actually tested, could it have succeeded?
Who would win a war between Russia and a union of Ukraine, Nordic, Baltic and Caucasian countries?
Bloodlusted SSJ3 Vegeto/Gogeta vs. Bills
Who'd win, George Washington, William Wallace, and Vercingetorix VS Ivan the Terrible, William the Conqueror, and Alexander the Great?
Who would win, Martian Manhunter vs Rose Wilson?
Who would win in a fight between The Incredible Hulk and King Kong.?
Who would win this punch-up: Gazelle vs MCU Ant-Man?
Who would win, Humanity vs An Exponential Growth of Cats?
Is Ramayana all about fight between Dakshinachaara and Vaamachaara?
Who would win in a war, Puerto Rico or the Dominican Republic?
Samus has to run a mcu gauntlet. How far does she get?
Who would win this battle: Armless Tiger Man Vs. The Totally Spies?
Who would win: Plastic Man or Reed Richards?
Who would win, Naruto vs Ryu?
What's the biggest animal you'd punch in the face?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Black Widow?
2 guys with bats vs a hippo: Who would be the champion?
Which countries will support India and which ones will support Pakistan, If a war is announced today?
Harry Dresden vs Jack: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Chuck Norris?
Does a fox stand a chance against a Jack Russell Terrier?
Who would be victorious out of Goku vs Luffy and Toriko, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Star Trek’s USS Enterprise?
Who would win, Guts vs The Bat family?
Who would win this battle: Magneto vs. Human Torch?
MCU Ultimate Ultron vs Kylo Ren: Who would come out on top?
How would Iron Man do against the entire USA military? How long would he last?
3 billion blood-thirsty raptors mysteriously appear all over the world, with the highest concentrations in major cities. Would humanity stand a chance, or would we be wiped out via Raptor invasion: Who would win?
Shark with bear arms v. Bear with shark arms.
Who would win, Martian Manhunter vs Deadpool?
Who would win this duel: Miles Edgeworth vs L?
Who would win, Doom vs Ultron?
You're now a superhero. Who would win?
If Naruto and Flash had a race, who would win?
Who would win, Doctor Octopus vs Doctor Octagonapus?
Who would claim victory out of Geralt of Rivia vs Talion, and why?
Who would win, MCU Movies Only Ironman vs Fox Movies Only Wolverine?
Who'd win, Kirby vs. Jigglypuff?
/r/WhoWouldWin has reached 50000 subscribers!
Who would win in a fight, Sonic or Krillin?
Who would win out of Kung Fury vs Chosen One, and why?
Barack Obama - Vladimir Putin in a WWE-style wrestling match
Could the average 20 year old beat a 77 year old Chuck Norris in a fight?
If the first seven states managed to secede peacefully from the US, would Mexico have been able to eventually retake territory from them?
Who would win this duel: Boxing:Her Highness Queen Elizabeth of Great Britain vs Pope Francis?
Who would win in a hypothetical naval battle between these two seafaring powers at their peaks: The Ancient Greek Navy or the Viking Navy?
Who would win, Batman & Robin vs Wolverine & X-23?
Xeno-T-rex vs Symbiote Gorilla: Who would be the winner?
What would happen in a fight between Sabretooth and Hulk?
Weevil Underwood and Rex Raptor vs Yami Marik: Who would have the edge?
Pharrell Williams v. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Who would win this combat: Genghis Kahn vs Julius Caesar vs Hannibal?
Who'd win, Electro with Mental Manipulation and Omi with Ability Learning vs. Honey Lemon with Corruption Blast and The Chesire Cat with Poison Fire Manipulation?
Who would win this match: Gaara Vs. Crocodile, Battle of the Sands Probably been done before, but screw it?
Who would win between Batman and Bullseye?
The skill in the activity you're most passionate about is elevated to peak human levels. How relevant are you in the DC/ Marvel universe?
You're inexplicably teleported to the front lines in WW2. You're an Allied Sniper. Who would win?
Who will win in the war between the Maldives and the US?
Who would be the winner out of The Terminator is sent back in time tasked with killing the president of the United States. Can he get through the secret service and any possible reinforcements, and why?
Who would win a war between U.K and Pakistan?
Why do the British revere Field Marshal Montgomery even though he was a fairly incompetent strategist and tactician?
Who would win: Your favorite character vs. Neo? The catch? They're in The Matrix.
The Jurassic Park dinosaurs are replaced by their real life counterparts, how are the films changed?
What would happen if a presidential nominee decided to drop out of the race on voting day? Would the opponent automatically win?
Who would win an MMA cage fight between George W. Bush and Saddam Hussein, and why?
Who would win in a battle between a pit bull vs a golden eagle?
Who would win this punch-up: Roy mustang vs Korea?
Who'd win, Floyd Mayweather vs Sugar Ray Robinson?
Why couldn't the South secede from the Union without a fight?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Doctor Manhattan?
Tournament: Every historical army before 1400.
Who would win out of Ghost Rider's Penance Stare vs The Mane Six, and why?
Who would win this fight: Marty McFly vs. Tiny Hippo?
Who would come out on top out of A human with the mind of a wasp vs. a wasp with the mind of a human, and why?
All the invasive animals of Hawaii are put into the sewers with a no way out and start mutating beyond recognition. If one is unleashed into the cities which mutated species could be the deadliest?
Who would win in a street fight, Mike Tyson or a chimpanzee?
Who would win, Sarah Kerrigan vs The God Emperor of Mankind?
Armless Tiger Man gets a green power ring - can he be stopped?
A face hugger starts running directly at your face from 90 feet away. The only thing stopping the facehugger is a roided out/in his prime Barry Bonds with a baseball bat. Can Barry keep the face hugger off of you?
Who would win, 501st Legion of the New Empire in Stormtrooper armor against CIS Separatist droids?
What is the strongest/deadliest animal that two of the world’s strongest men could jointly defeat?
Who would win this punch-up: Aquaman vs. Aang, the Water Nation, and Hydroman?
Rational Voldemort has put his Horcruxes in the following objects. Who is the weakest character who can destroy all the Horcruxes?
How did people win the battles in the middle ages when it was impossible to kill the army because of the armour they had?
Who would the U.S. support in a war between China and Russia?
Who would win this punch-up: Sangheili Elite vs. Alien Grunt?
Royal Guessing Thread
My kids want to know who would win: a walrus or Pegasus?
How to destroy Black Panther's suit
Who would win this duel: composite human vs fodder vampire form twilght?
What was India's role in World War I and II?
Can the best fighter ever in the history of human race beat a bear?
Who would win in a fight between a modern US marine and a WWII IJA soldier?
Who would win a war, Mexico or Spain?
Who would win, Golden Frieza vs Resurrected Perfect Cell?
Superman without his arms and legs must defend the Earth from a gauntlet of powerful enemies: Who would come out on top?
Who would win this war: Norse Gods vs Greek Gods?
Your favorite character is dropped into the mojave wasteland what do they do?
Who would win in a fight between Spawn and Superman?
Can your favorite character named after an animal lose to the animal in their name
Who would win in a battle between Julius Caesar, Napoleon, Hannibal, Alexander, and Sun Tzu?
Who is the weakest character that can survive one single day in the universe of happy tree friends?
Why was China able to push the UN forces back during the Korean War? What did China have in its military that the UN did not? Was it the sheer number of people it could send to attack?
Who'd win, Siberian Tiger vs Yoshi?
Who would win in a hand to hand combat between Flash and Quicksilver?
Who would win in a battle between the Guardians of the Galaxy and Darkseid?
Who would win, Thanos or Dave Consiglio?
Thor runs a combat speed gauntlet
Who'd win, Ender Wiggin vs Lelouch vi Britannia as commanders of a modern military army?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle, a dragon or a powerful necromancer?
Who would win, Speed Racer VS Dominic Toretto VS Ricky Bobby & Cal Naughton Jr. VS Memphis Raines?
If the Narns managed to destroy the supply outpost of Gorash VII without the Shadows intervention, would the Narn-Centauri war last longer?
Who would win this war: Nick Fishkins vs MCU Hulk?
Who would be the victor out of CW King Shark VS AoA King Shark, and why?
What’s the strongest national military that could not solo North Korea?
Saitama runs a Gauntlet
The malevolent gods sit down for a nice afternoon of family-friendly board games.
Gustave the Crocodile VS A Silver Back Gorilla, an Adult Male Lion, and Five Medium Sized American Alligators
who are weakest character can beat composite godzila ?
If there were no Pride Troopers or Saiyans in the Tournament of Power, who would win?
Wherever you are right now, everyone you can see in all directions becomes a zombie! Can you survive?
Who would win at a chess match between Superman and Batman? No gadgets or powers can be used!
Spawn vs Ghost rider: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the champion out of Spinosaurus vs Indominus Rex, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Venom and Darth Vader?
Who will win the epic battle: Dante versus Goku?
Who'd win, SuperBat vs Superman?
Who would win this punch-up: Dr. Octopus vs Omega Red?
Who would win a war between the US and Russia vs. China and Japan?
Who would be victorious out of DCEU Superman vs MCU Thor in Black Panthers suit, and why?
There are twelve horses racing, and you randomly select three as your winners, what is the probability that you will win?
Who would win, Simba and his pride vs A Rancor?
Who would win, Floyd Mayweather vs Bruce Lee?
Who would win in a duel between Achilles and Beowulf?
Who'd win, Scott Pilgrim vs The World Over Heaven?
In a battle between the Unsullied and Westerosi armies, which side would win?
Voldemort is now the captain of Queen Anne's Revenge from PotC. can Han Solo & his crew defeat him?
A Spanish Fighting Bull vs Two Male Lions: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, 1 rouge bull killer whale or a Megalodon?
Voldemort, Bellatrix, & Nagini vs Chancellor Palpatine, Padmé Amidala, & a Clone Trooper: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, The Hulk vs The Methuselahs?
Kingpin v Black Mask
Every U.S. President, former and present, mass brawl in a field Anchorman 2 style. Who comes atop Capitol Hill?
What historical conspiracy could Jack Bauer prevent if sent back in time?
In a battle between fiction and reality , who might win?
Who would be the champion out of L vs. G vs. B vs. T, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and James Bond?
If there is a war between Russia and the USA, then who will India support and why?
Who would win a fight between Anakin and Wolverine?
You get to give an average Imperal Guardsman ONE superpower to help them survive the grimdark future. What do you give them? Who would win?
Who would win between hellspawn and superman in a battle to the death?
Who would win, MCU Hulk vs Toph Beifong?
Who will win the IPL in 2017?
Can a bonobo defeat a chimpanzee?
Who would win in a battle between Dr Manhattan and the Silver Surfer?
An Unarmed Average Human Can Effortlessly Beat any Dog of Any Breed in a Fight
could Tiny Raven steal Tiny Hippo's train without getting his bitch-ass shanked?
Who would win in a fight, Hannah Ng or Orlando Coombe?
Who would win in the race for mayor of Baltimore, Ray Lewis or Cal Ripken?
Who would win this combat: Cow Elephant vs White Rhinoceros?
Who would win, North Korea vs The Los Santos Police department?
How would Inca win in a full-scale war against the Aztec?
King takes a villain gauntlet
Who'd win, Wonder Woman and Superman Vs Goku?
Who would win between a lion and a bull?
If a slug and a turtle had a race, who would win?
Who would win, Hyper Sonic or Luffy?
Is there any possibility that if the direction of the Sri Lankan Civil War would have changed, Indra Gandhi would have lived?
The entire cast of Touhou vs. Mr. Magoo: Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between 30 German WWII soldiers and 10 modern SAS soldiers?
If a chess grandmaster who can't box and a boxing world champion who can't play chess faced each other in Chess Boxing, who would win?
A fully grown, hungry male Grizzly bear is spawned in every room of every building on earth. Does mankind survive?
Is the situation between Israel and Iran about to cause WW3?
Who has the biggest difference between movement speed and combat speed?
Toughest land animal a highly athletic human could beat 6/10?
Who would win, Jiren from Limits Surpassed or Cosmic Armor Superman?
Current Luffy is dropped in during the 4th Great Ninja War
Who would be the winner out of Captain America thoughts on Superhero Registration vs. Iron Man's, and why?
Bacteria becomes resistant to every new antibiotic that we are developing. Is this an arms race that we’re never going to win?
If there was a duel between Bhima, the strongest Mahabharat Warrior, and Achilles, who would win?
Who would be the champion out of Luke Cage vs Shaq, and why?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight between the Lannisters and Tyrells?
If there is a war between Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates. Who will win?
If in 1921 Germany and Poland fought a war who would win?
Who'd win, The Wu-Tang Clan vs. Tiny Hippo?
Who would come out on top out of A rhino vs. A hippo, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Batman awakens to find himself in what seems like an empty canyon. A shadow falls behind him, and he turns to face the source: Michael J. Caboose, and why?
How can I completely change the mindset of a fully grown person?
Who would win between two opposing classic medieval armies if each one were led by Alexander and Genghis Khan?
Who would claim victory out of Rattlesnake VS. Secretary Bird, and why?
Who is winning in the human race?
Who would win, Gaara of the Sand Tsunami vs Toa Pohatu?
Who would be the victor out of Drunk SEAL team vs. a junior varsity baseball team, and why?
Which would win in a race: a stock Ferrari or a NASCAR car?
If Black Panther and Spider-Man had equal strength, which one would win in a fight?
Who'd win, Stupid Fox vs. Goat?
Frisk falls into the Underground, but instead of being populated by monsters, it's populated by an entire race of Donald Trump.
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a fight: Terminator vs. Robocop?
Avatar World War but with Replacements
Who would win, Supergirl vs Darkseid?
Kratos vsThor
In a war between the cognitive and socioeconomic elites, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, League of Assassins vs. The Hand?
Most powerful comic character a peak goat can knock down?
Who would win if 1,000 unarmed special forces soldiers fought 100 unarmed correctional officers?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The Emperor of Mankind VS Ahriman, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Arthur Dayne, Barristan Selmy and Jaime Lannister VS Aragorn?
Every world leader plays a big game of Europa Universalis IV against each other, with AI difficulty on hard. Whoever wins gets to be President of the World, and the rest just get to be Congressmen of the World.
Who would win in a battle between Grindelwald and Voldemort?
Featuring Marshal Bravestarr
Nightwing vs Gambit
Who would win, Great White Shark vs. Saltwater Crocodile?
Who will win in a fight between Superman and Sauron?
Gaara of the sand vs Wolverine: Who would win?
Who would win, The Punisher kills the President and releases incontrovertible proof of his guilt. How long can he avoid capture on Marvel Earth?
Who'd win, Wonder Woman vs. Wolverine?
Who would win this brawl: Hulk vs A Rancor?
Who'd win, Space Marine vs Master Chef?
Who will win a fight between Kal Kent and Silver Age Superman?
Who would win, Ultimate Spider Man vs Deadpool?
Could North Korea now hit the UK with its new missiles?
Who is the strongest villain that Billy Mays, armed with every product he has advertised, could defeat?
Who would win in a fight, anaconda or taipan?
Who would win, Iron Fist/Daniel Rand with Chi vs Kingpin?
Go on google images, and search " Death Battle", and pick an image. Who wins that fight?
Who would win a fight between a horse and a tiger?
Could the U.S military fight and kill Superman? What would early battle attempts look like if they fought Superman? Could they win?
How can a smaller person overcome a larger person in a fight?
Who would win out of Real Sheep vs. Skylanders' sheep, and why?
Who would win in a fight: the state of Texas or all of Africa?
Who would win in a game of wits against Odin?
Who would win, Gamora, Hulk, Star-Lord, Spider-Man, Falcon from MCU vs Thanos from MCU?
Considering today's situation, is there a chance of World War 3?
Who'd win, Master Chief vs Wolverine?
Who would win in a clash between the heroes of Star Wars and World of Warcraft universes?
Who would win in a head-to-head race for American Presidency: Bernie vs Trump? And how about Trump vs Hillary?
Not including the Elephant, what is the baddest animal on land?
Who would win in a fight between L and Light, if L had the Death Note instead?
Who would win, Beta Ray Bill vs Zebra?
Who would win in a war between Attila the Hun and Chandragupta Maurya?
Which Star Wars army can take down Darth Vader quicker/more efficiently?
Every member of the US military gets the powers of Navy Seal Copypasta Guy, who can beat them now?
Who would win: Shin Godzilla or 2014 Godzilla?
Who would win this battle: Gaara vs. Crocodile vs. Sandman?
Who would win: 5 members of TYGER security vs. an elite group of five assassins under Hydra called Winter Soldiers?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Zeus?
Who would win in a fight between reanimated Madara and reanimated Hashirama? And why?
Would a gorilla or orangutang win in a fight?
Obama vs Bush in a winner takes all prize fight: Who would be the winner?
Upgraded Tournament Fighters List
How many Gengars can the Ghost-Busters defeat?
Who'd win, wonder woman vs a yeast infection?
Who would win, Toshinori Yagi, Izuku Midoriya, Katsuki Bakugo, Shoto Todoroki and Eijiro Kirishima or the League of Villains?
Who would win, Might Guy Vs Kizaru?
Who'd win, Loki vs. Loki?
In a battle between a T-72 Asad Babil and Evangelion Unit 02, who would win?
Who would win, Halo's Spartans or the Stormtroopers from Star Wars?
Who would win in a fight between Captain Marvel and Thor?
Luffy v Buffy
If World war 2 Great Britain fought World war 2 Japan, who would win and why/how?
Who would win, Avengers vs Justice League in a rap battle?
Who would win, Indominus rex vs. Clifford, the big red dog?
Who would win, Vegito or Lucario?
Who would win a war between Vietnam and North Korea, if they were neighbors?
My co-worker Joey vs a grizzly bear
Who would be victorious out of One player gets a random power/weapon and another challenges him/her and gets their own random power/weapon, and why?
Who'd win, Master Chief vs. Batman?
Who would win a fight between Jon Jones and Stipe Miocic?
Who would win in a war between China and a United Korea?
If Jason Statham fought Jean-Claude Van Damme, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Sasuke and Orochimaru or Naruto and Jiraiya?
Who would win a fight between Red Hood, The Punisher and Deathstroke?
What will happen to Iran if it attacks Israel with nuclear weapons?
Who would win this combat: Chimp vs Pitbull?
Who would win this fight: White Rhino vs Grizzly Bear?
What is the difference between a tactical advantage and a strategic advantage in military affairs?
Who would win, George Zimmerman VS OJ Simpson?
In a match between Sasuke and Rock Lee, who would win?
Who would win in a full on war between Black Panther and his country and DCEU Superman?
Who is the strongest character a bloodlusted black bear, grizzly bear, and polar bear can beat?
In a war, who would win, India or Indonesia?
Who would win, Royal Guard Menthuthuyoupi or Silva Zoldyck?
Who'd win, Deep Sea King vs Ultimate Kars?
Who would win, Superman Almost Drained vs Batman Wrecked Suit?
Which style/ technique of martial arts is the most dependable/reliable to the goal of winning a battle most often, compared to all other techniques?
Who would win out of Ironman has to create a suit to combat Your Favourate Character, Can he do it and what does he build, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Batman or Nas?
Who would be the victor out of The Guardians of the Galaxy vs the Predators, and why?
Who would win this fight: Crono vs Guts?
Who would win a war between the European Union and the African Union?
Who would win in a battle between baboons and chimpanzees?
Who would come out on top out of Bobby Boucher is on Defense and Forrest Gump is on Offence. Are the Mud Dogs able to beat the Crimson Tide, and why?
Are we ready for WW3, and how long will it be before we see it?
Who would win this fight: Eric Northman vs Tony Stark?
Game Theory: Who Would Win -- Samurai, Knight, or Viking? Do you agree with MatPat's conclusion?
Magneto vs Luke Skywalker: Who would be the victor?
Who would win this battle: Gauntlet vs Golden Axe?
Who would be the winner out of Beatrice VS The Hindu Trinity, and why?
Cloud Strife VS Guts: Who would be the champion?
How would that superhero team you put together earlier stand up to their randomly generated arch nemeses?
Who would win in a fight between Alucard and Perfect Cell?
What is the best form of physical combat to learn to ensure you can win a fight?
Who would claim victory out of James Bond kills John Wick's dog, John Wick burns all of Max Payne's money and family items, Max Payne has the secrets to Jason Bourne's identity and Bourne knows it, Jason Bourne compromised MI6 when James Bond was gone, and why?
Who could absolute peak Korea beat?
If all the large animals in the world decided to attack humans, would our armies win or would the animals eventually overrun us?
Who would win if there was a fight between the Superman and the Wolverine?
Who would win in a battle between Toph from Avatar the Last Airbender and Daredevil from marvel comics? Battle of the blind!
Who would win in a fight, Korra or Luffy?
Battle Royale Game Battle Royale
Who would win in a battle between Goku, Vegeta, Saitama, He-Man, Pre-Crisis versus Silver Age Superman and Hulk?
Who would win, a rhino or anaconda?
Who would win in a fight: the USS Vengeance or an Imperial Star Destroyer?
Who would win out of Chuck Norris vs Vegeta Royal Blue, and why?
In all honesty, could Captain America have beat Iron Man without the help of plot armor, Tony having a change of heart, and based only upon the MCU, even with the help of Bucky? Why or why not?
Who'd win, Doctor Octopus vs Current Deathstroke?
Jake Lamotta versus Joe Louis, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Darth Vader?
Who would win Riddick or a predator? Why?
Who is the weakest MMA or other professional fighter who could 5/10 Hafþór Björnsson in the octagon?
What would be the strongest Chimera Ant that Guts could defeat?
Who'd win, Cats vs Men?
What will happen after the Syrian strike tonight? Will WW3 happen?
Who would win a fight between a silverback gorilla and a tiger?
Who would win in a fight, Deathstroke, or Goku?
How many humans would it need to take down Batman+Captain America ?
Garou runs a One Piece gauntlet
In light of the latest hubub about Oprah running for President, here's an election.
Who would win in a fight, Superman and Batman or Hulk and Thor?
You are given one power randomly and have to fight an animal gauntlet. Can you survive? Who would win?
Magneto, Storm, & Robbie Reyes must take down the entire Hogwarts. How do they succeed?
Who would win a fight, Daniel X or the Green Lantern Corps?
Avengers Teams Free For All
Who would win, The Doctor in control of the armies of Gondor and Rohan in the Battle of Pelennor Fields VS. Adolf Hitler in control of the armies of Mordor, etc?
Who would win this match: Barack Obama vs. Ron Swanson in a fist-fight?
Who would win, Galactus or 50 Supermans? What about 100 Supermans?
Was Arthas able to defeat Illidan because he was five levels higher than him?
Who would win, Captain America or Superman?
Why couldn't Germans capture the Baku oilfields of the USSR in World War II?
Who would win in a fight, Batgirl or Black Widow?
Who would win, Taskmaster vs Kakashi?
Who would win this wrestling match, former Marine-turned-US Senator Todd Young versus former powerlifter-turned-professional wrestler Braun Strowman?
Is it illegal for a business to collect bets from the public on who will win political races?
Who would win, A wolf vs a "big cat"?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Thor vs Venom, and why?
Kaiju VS Colossi: Who would be the victor?
Who would win this match: Whis and Vados Vs Everyone in the Tournament of Power?
Who would win in a fight between Quora and Wikipedia?
Who would win this brawl: A Silverback Gorilla in his prime vs A Kangaroo in his prime?
If Hitler and Jesus got into a UFC fight, who would win?
You with 3 random super powers vs the **ENTIRE** SCP line-up. Who would win?
US President Naval Battle
The Hulk runs the Jurassic Park gauntlet
Build a Marvel team equal to the Justice League.
What if Brazil and Argentina went to war in the next month?
Who would win this battle: Train Heartnet vs. Kadaj, Yazoo, and Loz?
Who would win a battle between George Patton and Erwin Rommel?
Who would win this war: Battle of the cartoon dogs. Clifford versus Scooby versus Krypto versus Pluto versus Odie versus Tramp versus Snoopy?
Who would win, The Doctor Vs. Ben Tennyson?
Who would win in a street fight between a navy seal and Shaolin monk?
Who would win the football match between Australia and Ukraine?
Who would be the winner out of Pinky and the Brain try to take over the world, and why?
Why was Napoleon such a brilliant military strategist? What did he do differently?
Who would win in a war between The Dalek Empire and the Imperial Empire?
Who would win this war: Alan Scott vs. Silver Surfer?
Who would win in a farting contest between the Hulk and the Blob?
Every Dunder Mifflin employee engages in hand to hand combat.
For all DC fans, who will win between Odysseus and Prometheus?
Stegosaurus vs. Triceratops: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Gorosaurus vs. Titanosaurus?
Will Pakistan or China or any other neighboring country attack India some day?
Ghost Rider Vs. Atomic Skull: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Heimdall?
Who would win in a fight between the Witch King of Angmar and the Mouth of Sauron?
Every superhero and supervillain is now mentally retarded, who manages to still get his job done?
Who would win out of A bloodlusted black bear vs. a bloodlusted silverback gorilla, and why?
Iroh's Lightning Gauntlet
What would happen if Mexico and Spain went to war?
All Land animals and Sea animals switch places and biology. Can humanity survive?
Due to which countries is WW3 going to happen?
Who would win in a war, the Spartans or the Romans?
You run a gauntlet! Who would win?
Who'd win, 3 Frill necked lizards VS A porpoise that is out of water?
Who would win a war between Turkey and Panama?
Who would win, Jackie Chan with the twelve Talismans VS Superman?
In a hypothetical war between nuclear nations, how much could conventional fighting escalate before nukes are used?
Who would have the edge out of Diamond Dogs Vs. The Umbrella Corporation, and why?
If sephiroth fights against 100,000 zombies, who would win?
What kind of person is Jefferson in Hamilton the musical?
Who would win a debate about the "chicken and the egg?" Donald Trump or Bill O'reilly?
Who would win in a fight between 10 chickens and 1 Turkey?
Who would win - Hawkeye or Captain America?
Who would win in a fight: Saruman or the Witch-king?
Who would win, Tagoma or Frieza's Army?
Your Dad with a kitchen knife vs a Roe deer
Who'd win, Holy Britannian Empire vs. UK?
Who would win in a fight, Danny Phantom or Ben 10?
Who would win, Death troopers vs Mandalorians?
Lightning McQueen vs. K.I.T.T
Wonder Woman's Team v. Howling Commandos
Dead Water vs Hody Jones: Who would be the winner?
Who would win a fight between Ghost Rider and Ultraman?
Who'd win, A bloodlusted Lion versus A bloodlusted bull?
Was Thingol a skilled warrior and sword-fighter? Could he kill a Balrog?
Can I fight in WW3?
Who would win this fight: SSJG Goku vs Superman?
Who would win in a fight between the Silver Surfer and Green Lantern?
Who would win this war: Thresher maw vs the Alaskan bull worm?
Who or What is the strongest superhero/villain the Powerpuff Girls could defeat?
Who will be winning if there will be a battle between Lord Shiva and Singularity AI in the future?
The Emperor teams up with the God-Emperor. Who is the strongest they can beat?
Who would win, Misaka Mikoto vs Shinobu Oshino?
Who would win, Nappa from Dragon Ball Multiverse vs Cargo from Dragon Ball Multiverse?
what can Dr Bright make the POTUS do in public?
Who would win in a fight between Azrael and Joker?
Which would win, Werewolf Nation from Earth-50 continuity vs Gorilla City Earth One from comic book universe?
Who would win, Rand Al'Thor vs. Percy Jackson?
Who would win in a triangular battle between John Lennon, Paul McCartney and George Harrison?
How did General Robert E. Lee compare to European generals of his time?
Who'd win, crocodile from one piece vs sandman from marvel?
Who would win, Superman vs. Doomsday?
Ant-sized humans vs. an ant: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight between Martian Manhunter and Juggernaut?
If there was a war between Vishnu, Allah, and Jesus Christ, who would win?
How would American life change if World War 3 broke out, but there were no nukes involved?
Who is the strongest person Bat-Cow can defeat?
Who would win in a fight, Carcharodontosaurus or Spinosaurus, and why?
Who would win, Gon and Killua vs Baro and Rhino?
Do you think there would be a civil war in the USA if the second amendment was repealed?
Fourth great ninja war, but with a twist.
Who would win, Milo Murphy vs Phineas Flynn?
Who would win in a war between God Emperor of Dune Leto Atreides and the God-Emperor of Mankind from Warhammer 40k?
Who would win in battle between Morlun and Juggernaut?
Can anime/manga make a Silverback Gorilla strong enough to fight Superbear Prime 1M or Ultra Doomlion Surpreme?
Flutterguy Characters Guessing Thread!
Who would win - Goku vs Gohan?
Who'd win, Goku vs. Thanos?
What was it like for the enemy to get shot at by the Gustav gun?
Who would claim victory out of China vs Taiwan, Japan and the Koreas, and why?
what if vigilante batman style exist in real world
Pick a character to run a hand-to-hand combat character
We Bare Bears vs real bears
Is it possible that World War III would never happen as the world has already learned a lesson?
Who would win this battle: Ghost Rider vs Thanos?
Who would win this duel: Bruce Lee with 2 Wii Nunchucks vs Chuck Norris with 2 Wii remotes held Wii Boxing style?
Who will win the war between India and france?
Who is the strongest person Jar Jar Binks can beat in a fight in open water?
Who would win in a battle between Adaptoid and Amazon?
Who would win a fight between a tiger and a samurai?
Strongest opponent in the Dragon Ball-verse that Lord Boros could beat
Who would win in a fight between Spawn and Wolverine?
Who would win a Starcraft game between Votizen and Quora?
Who would win in a Pokémon battle between Google and Apple?
Who would win this combat: Luffy vs Narutos SO6p...SHADOW CLONE?
Suppose if the next biggest website is started and presently with some 50 users and let Google ,Facebook ,Quora,Pinterest Seen and then started making their own Who will win the race?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Chin vs. Goku, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Trion Juggernaut and Hunter-Prey Doomsday?
Who would win in a war between Fascist Germany and Israel?
Bruce Wayne buys InGen in 1989. Can he make Jurassic Park work by June 11th, 1993?
Who would win a fight between Andre the giant and the Wyatt family?
All the Gangs in LA vs. Russian Army
Who'd win, Franklin Deleno Roosevelt & Stevie Wonder Vs Stephen Hawking & Ray Charles?
A platoon of cadets listening to a speech of William Wallace vs a platoon listening to President Whitmore vs a platoon listening to King Theoden: Who would claim victory?
Why it is that there is a lot of fight between one's wife and his mother?
Which side would win in a battle between a tiger and two Mike Tysons?
what do you think is the largest animal you could win in a fight with no weapons?
Who'd win, Aang the Avatar vs The X-men?
Kimimaro vs Thor: Who would come out on top?
What anime character would win in a fight between Naruto and Katsuki Bakugo?
Who would win, Hush vs Lex Luthor in Battle Suit?
How much time is left before WWIII?
Who would win, Mitsubishi F-3 Shinshin vs Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor?
Who would win in a battle between the most powerful Sith and the most powerful Jedi?
Who would win a war between North Korea and America decided by trial by combat with two fat champions who call themselves leaders of their respective states?
FOX Wolverine vs N52 Batman: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight, Thanos or Voldemort?
Could Mister Rogers convince Thanos to give up the Infinity Gauntlet and lead a life of good?
Who would win out of Original Shichibukai vs S-Class Heroes, and why?
Who would win in a war between Tunisia and Libya vs Cuba and Haiti?
Captain America vs Wonder Woman, Shield Battle: Who would win?
Who would win this fight: Captain Hook versus Captain Jack Sparrow?
All the ants in the world vs All the bees, hornets and wasps.
Who would win this fight: Rolf vs Jimmy vs Willie vs Sarah?
Which decade saw the most military advancement?
Who would win in a 1v1 battle, Knight or a Mongol?
Who'd win, Hogwarts vs. Camp Half-Blood?
Who would be the winner out of A Male Silverback Gorilla Vs. The U.S. Senate, and why?
Who would win, utah raptor vs xenomorph?
Who would win this fight: She-hulk vs Cheetah?
Deathstroke vs Black Panther: Who would be victorious?
If Yonko and the Shichibukai from One Piece fought, who would win?
Are the "Arleigh Burke" destroyers able to stand up to the huge Russian warships, in a naval exchange?
How many polar bears would it take to kill a hippo?
Who would be the champion out of Obi-Wan with his lightsaber vs. Palpatine with a toy lightsaber, and why?
How would you produce power for a planet without a sun; if humans ever tried to live on such a planet?
US President Battle Royals
Who will win a fight between African Lion and Asian Lion?
Who would win in a war between Vietnam and Russia?
Who would win this fight: Bill Gates vs Barack Obama?
Navy Seal vs. Army Ranger vs. Air Force Pilot: Who would be the champion?
Who would win this duel: Naruto vs The Red Ribbon Army?
A giant dome seals your town, preventing everyone from escaping. The people who sealed up your town will remove the dome once the town's population drops to a tenth of it's size, meaning nine-tenths of the population must die. How would you go about surviving?
How far do the Avengers get in Dragon Ball Z?
Who would win, a knight or a grizzly bear?
Who would win a fight between: Kirby, Bowser, Sonic, Mewto, Spider Man, Superman and NATO?
Who would claim victory out of Batman vs. Talion, and why?
Who would win a fight between Captain James Tiberius Kirk and Captain Kathryn Janeway?
If each philosophy were turned into an army and all fought each other, which would win?
How Many Rabid Beavers are needed to Defeat Aquaman?
Why suddenly are so many Chinese supporting the Indian Army? Most of the answers I read from Chinese citizens claim that India would easily win a war between India and China. Is it some kind of trick?
Who'd win, Modern day Germany, Italy, and Japan form a modern day Axis Powers alliance. Strongest nation they can defeat?
Who would win between 1,000 Roman soldiers or 500 Nazi Germany soldiers with no tanks?
Why does almost everybody say that the side kick is useless in a fight?
Why was the fight between General Grievous and Obi-Wan in Revenge of the Sith so boring?
Who would win this battle: 5 WW2 German Tiger 1 tanks with 1 infantry squad for support per tank vs Sauron's Army of Mordor as seen in the LOTR movies, all of it?
Who can beat Saitama
Who would win in a fight between a man and Gastornis?
Should I be worried that my 4 year old son exhibits "Me only" behaviour, he should always win a race, doesn't share toys and is stubborn?
Who would win a war between Denmark and Peru?
If Facebook, Quora, and YouTube turned into monster beast, machine-killing, robotic war machines and fought against each other, who would win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of 1 navy seal trained in gorilla warfare versus 300 silverback gorillas, and why?
Your favorite superhero was cloned, which each clone receiving only 1 of the original hero's power. Which clone wins a battle royale?
Who would win, Daemon Blackfyre vs Ser Arthur Dayne?
Who would win in a fight between James Bond and Ethan Hunt?
Roy vs. Roy in a game of Roy: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a battle between all student council presidents from every anime ever made.
MCU: Thanos vs Hela: Who would win?
Who would win a strength battle Hercules or the incredible Hulk?
Who would win in a fight: Darth Vader or Magneto?
In a hypothetical battle between Morgoth and indrajeet, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Alduin The Legendary World Eater and Pete's Dragon?
If Godfather fought Batman, who would win and why?
King Shark vs Killer Croc
Who would win in a battle between a Navy SEAL Team and a Stormtrooper?
If France, Italy, Greece and the Kurdish nationalists start a war with Turkey, who would win?
would ghost riders penence stare kill deadpool?
Who would win in a one-on-one fight between an adult male cougar or an adult male gray wolf?
In a mass knife fight to death between Olympic gold medalists of every sport. Who would win and why?
Have girls ever been in a fight or seen a fight at a hostel?
What would China be like today if the Nationalists had won the Chinese Civil War?
Doctor Doom used the Ovoid Mind Transfer on Saitama. Who in Marvel can beat One Punch Doom?
Who would come out on top out of Dr. Octopus vs. General Grievous, and why?
Which side will win a war between the east half of the earth and the west half of the earth?
If WW2 was fought today who would win?
Who'd win, Cosmic Armor Superman, Infinity Gauntlet Thanos, and Galactus vs God?
Who would win between Billy Batson vs Ben Tennison if they fought only as children .
Who'd win, Malekith vs Captain America?
Who would win this combat: Jessica Jones vs Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
Who would win in a fight between Tyler Durden and Hannibal Lecter? Why?
Who would win between Minato and Kakuzu?
Vladimir Putin riding a brown bear vs Justin Trudeau riding a moose vs Donald Trump riding a bison vs Narendra Modi riding a tiger: Who would win?
Bane, Deathstroke, Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus, Red Skull, Winter Soldier, Mr. Freeze, and Bullseye. Free for all: Who would have the edge?
1 leopard vs 2 honey badgers, who would win?
Big the Cat vs. Jar Jar Binks
Who is more powerful and who would win in a fight between Dormammu and Cyttorak?
Who would win in a fight between Magneto and Dr. Doom?
Who would be the champion out of Majoras Mask vs Stone Mask, and why?
Frederick the Great meets Napoleon in battle, who wins?
Doctor Who : Borgs or Daleks who would win?
Who would be the winner out of Strongest character called Jack the Ripper vs. strongest character called Vlad the Impaler, and why?
If the national animals of every country fought which country would win?
Who would win, Count Dooku vs Luke Skywalker?
Which restaurant wins the race for making better Biriyanis and Kababs in Hyderabad - Shadab Hotel or Bawarchi?
The Mod Team must defend us from our own memes. Can they succeed?
Who would win this brawl: Thresher shark vs swordfish?
Off Topic Television and Movie Discussion for 2.20.15
Can’t believe I’m asking this, but can MCU Captain America defeat Chi-Chi in a fight?
Who would win a war between US Navy vs US Air force minus F22?
Who would come out on top out of Black Panther vs Wolverine, and why?
Who would win this combat: Magneto, Dio, and Amon...are running for President of the United States?
Team Fortress 2 Characters vs Superheros: Who would win?
Who would be the winner out of Superman vs Stormbreaker, and why?
How many unarmed humans would be needed to kill a Argentinosaurus huinculensis?
Bloodlusted Spider-Man runs a gauntlet!
Who would win in a fight between Doomsday and Darkseid?
Who would win this match: Deadpool vs. Winter Soldier?
Who'd win, Escanor vs Akainu?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Azula?
Can the Assassins defeat the Dynasty Warriors?
Battle of the Lightning Users
Crap Vampire Brawl: Buffyverse, 30 Days of Night, Blade, Stakeland, I am Legend...
Who would win in a fight between Indra and Sasuke in their prime?
If Alexander the Great met Genghis Khan on the battlefield, whose army would win?
Your mission is to kill an average human man by making him an insanely unhealthy pizza. What is your pizza?
Assassin Battle Royale
Who would win this war: Velociraptor vs. Xenomorph?
Who would be the champion out of Ice Bear vs any of the animatronics of F.N.A.F, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Venom or Batman?
Who would win in a fight between a full-bearded, muscular and manly Indian guy with no martial art skills vs Tiger Shroff?
Who'd win, Navy seals on a speed boat vs 3 17th century pirate ships?
Who would win, Great Ape Vegeta hears Yajirobe sneaking up on him, and crushes him into paste before anyone can react. can the Z-fighters beat him now?
Grand Admiral Thrawn is hired by the Halo's UNSC to defeat the Covenant in 2525 . How does he do it?
Who would win, Jackie Estacado vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win in a fight, a fully grown alpha-male African lion or two fully grown Komodo dragons?
Who would win this fight: Dalinar Kholin vs Batman?
Who would win, Robin Williams vs. Chris Rock in running for U.S. president?
Who wins the 100 meters sprint race - Usain Bolt or an African Bush elephant?
Who'd win, Thor and Iron Man vs Wonder Woman and Batman?
Can Master Chief Assassinate the President?
Hezbollah versus ISIS in a ground fight. Who would win?
Who will win the e-commerce race in India?
What would have been the fate of Benito Mussolini if he had escaped to Spain?
Who would win a race: An average person in a Lamborghini or an F1 driver in an average car?
Who do you think will win, Esdeath or Zoro?
Who would win, Duke Fishron vs Mega Shark?
Who would win : Goku vs. The last airbender
Who would win, Bees vs. Goats?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win between The Samurai and the Mongols?
can Anakin Skywalker get out of this situation with Lord Voldemort?
Who'd win, Helen Keller with reality control Vs. Stephen Hawking with time control?
Who would win out of Gogwars Doomsday vs Thanos, and why?
Batman & Green Arrow vs Black Panther & Hawkeye: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a human and a Haast's eagle?
All Pixar characters are in a massive battle royale. Who would come out on top?
Who would win, a Warhammer 40k SpaceMarine or MasterChief from the Halo universe?
my dog vs yoru dog
Who would win in a fight, 100 gibbons or 1 T-Rex?
Who would win in a one-on-one battle to the death between Kid Goku and Part-One Naruto?
Could a group of 3 humans well-versed with spears fight a pack of wolves?
Who'd win, A Tiger vs a Lion?
Who wins in a battle between a Giant Panda vs a Gorilla?
Who would win, Metal bat vs Spiderman?
Why does my heart start beating really fast when I get in a fight? How do other people stay calm?
Who would win in a fight between all the classic Nintendo characters against every major playstation character?
Who is the weakest character that can beat Aquaman in water?
Who would win in a fight, a chimpanzee or a honey badger?
Is it true a gorilla would win a fight against a lion?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy or Izuku Midoriya?
Who would win in a fight between Ramsay's 20 good men and Lyanna Mormont's 62 soldiers?
Who would win in a war between Latvaria and Wakanda?
Who would win, Vegeta or Gotenks?
Amateur Hour for 6/18/17
Who would win in a fight between the Flash and Saitama?
Who'd win, Lebron James vs. Mayweather?
Who would win, Batman Vs Hippo?
Can Batman beat Spider-Man in a fight?
Who would win this punch-up: Godzilla vs every ant on earth bloodlusted?
How many full power blasts from the Ultimate Nullifier would it take to defeat the following characters?
Who'd win, Canada VS. North Korea?
Batman With a sharingan and Shadow clones Vs Post-Crises Superman, who would win?
Can a properly-written Wolverine beat Deadpool in H2H combat?
Who would win, George Bush and George W Bush vs Obama and Bill Clinton?
Who would win, Superman or Black Adam?
Gods of Thunder: Thor, Zeus, Shango, and Raijin: Who would win?
Who is the strongest character that a bloodlusted Clifford the Big Red Dog can defeat?
Every hero/villain with an animal name in DC or Marvel teams up with anyone who has the same animal in there name.
Can League of Shadows topple the KingPin's empire of crime?
Donald Trump V. Harvey Weinstein, foxy-boxing
Who would win this battle: Pinky and The Brain VS Chip and Dale?
Who would win: BBC's Moriarty or Elementary's Moriarty?
Who would win, Lobo or Mongul 1?
Who would win in a death-fight between an Achillobator and a Neomorph?
Who would win in a fight, Indominus Rex or Bowser?
Who'd win, 10 Klingons Warriors armed with Bat'leths vs 2 Human Vampires?
Who’ll win a fight between Balaram and Bheeshma?
Which street fighter character can defeat a polar bear, if the fight starts with them in a 15 foot cage?
Who would win in a battle between Soviet Union Red Son Superman or American Superman?
Does learning judo, breakfalls and all, protect from general falling injuries?
What Demon/Vampire/Hellish entity could defeat Hellsing ultimate's Alucard?
Who would be the champion out of 100 fire breathing dragons vs the entirety of medieval England, and why?
Marvel vs DC: Movies and TV Shows: Who would come out on top?
Most powerful street level characters:
Your favorite hero and their villain get glued together at the wrist. Which one wins in a fight?
How long would Golden Age Superman last in a fight with the Hulk?
What would have happened if Reinhard Heydrich survived his assassination attempt?
How could North Korea lead to World War 3?
One hundred bucks VS 250 cucks: Who would be the victor?
What is the purpouse of Russia’s Satan 2, could it be that they are expecting WW3 to start very soon?
Who would win, the old Spartan military or the modern military?
Who would win this match: Pinkie Pie and Pewdiepie get into a rap battle?
Who will win in a battle between Juggernaut and the team of Spiderman, Luke Cage, Iron Fist, Jessica Jones, Wolverine, Colossus, the Fantastic Four, Namor, Iron Man, Captain America, Daredevil and Iceman?
Who will win between Jorge Wilstermann versus Atletico Mineiro Copa Libertadores?
Who would be the winner out of Kefka Palazzo vs Mother Brain from Phantasy Star II, and why?
It is 1920 in Japan and you will inevitably join WWII against the USA, how will you prepare the country?
Who would win, Orcas or a T. Rex?
Who will win military, Turkey or Saudi?
Who would win in a battle between Pikachu and Marill? Both are level 100 and have access to TMs but not Z-Moves.
Just a hypothetical question: Who would win a dog fight: a Messerschmitt Bf 109 or a Mitsubishi A6M Zero?
Who would win, Son Gohan after Goku fight and post-training with mystic form with super kamehameha/wind wave vs. Superboy with 100% of full power going all out with heat vision/solar beam?
Who would win in a war between dynastic China and feudal Japan?
Who'd win, Ten African elephants vs. an Abrams tank?
Who would win, Ant-Man flying inside of Luke Cage and then enlarging into Giant Man?
Who would win this match: Roy Mustang vs. Hei?
If the 1st century Roman Empire and the Han Dynasty from the same time period fought, who would win?
Which human superhero would be the strongest when nude?
who would make a better president of the united states? Goku or Deadpool?
Who'd win, Game of Thrones: Daario Naharis vs Sand Snakes?
Who would win a fight between Goku and the hulk?
What would happen if California declared war on Mexico for the Baja California Peninsula?
Who would win this punch-up: 3 bloodlusted huskies versus one bloodlusted wolf?
Who would win, Kakashi with Sharingan vs Lord Raikage?
Who is Donald Trump's base? Why is he popular? Why are people voting for him? Why do people like and support him?
All vehicles become sentient and try to destroy mankind. Who wins?
Who would win this battle: Top Ten Most Badass Historical, Fictional, and Mythological Archers?
Who'd win, 15 Man Rugby Team vs 3 Adult Black Bears?
Who would win a hot dog eating contest between Hulk, Superman, Thor, and Flash?
Your favorite character is now President of the United States. Does he/she/it get re-elected for a second term?
The Lich King vs The Thunder King vs The Firelord: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Sidra or U8 Angel?
When does World War III start? Do I have to wait for a thousand years just to see it happen?
If a war broke out between China and America, who would win?
Who would win, Dick Grayson/Robin vs Nightwing Max who is nearly as strong as Batman?
How long could North Korea realistically last against a full fledged assault by the United States military?
Captain America vs a Blood-lusted Polar Bear: Who would be the winner?
If a world war broke out between USA, Russia and China, would NATO actually stick together?
Who'd win, Jed Bartlet and Thomas Whitmore vs Frank Underwood and Petyr Baelish in the 2040 US Presidential election?
So I came up with an ultimate fighting tournament with some popular video game and fantasy characters and made a bracket and will have straw polls. Let’s see who the ultimate badass is! Will update quickly with the next matches and brackets once winners are chosen.
Who would win in a battle between 1,000 riot police and 1,000 samurai?
How dangerous is an individual special forces soldier?
A full grown cougar vs. a chimpanzee, which wins?
Who would win, the Teen Titans or the Avengers?
Who would be the winner out of Spider vs Bat, and why?
Who would win, Sidra or Rumsshi?
An average tabby has been given a super-soldier serum specifically tailored for felines. Who can the comic peak house cat now beat?
In a head to head Fortnite battle, who would win, Ninja or Daequan?
How many active military personnel does Australia have? How many reserves do they have? Who would win in a war between Singapore and Greece, no allies allowed?
Who would win a "Fatal Four-Way" battle between Elongated Man, Plastic Man, Mr. Fantastic and Elastigirl? Who has the better stretching powers?
Thomas the Tank Engine is on a head on collision course with Clifford the Big Red Dog
Who would win, Aquaman vs. A megalodon shark wearing Magneto's anti mind control helmet?
Who would win in a battle to death between a horse and a wolf?
How long can Ricardo Vega last against the US Marines, SEAL's, and the Third Reich?
LeStat versus Elrond, who wins?
Who would win a full-scale conventional war between Venezuela and Colombia?
If the British military and the US military fought a battle in Egypt, who would win?
Who'd win in a war between Siberia in Russia, Liberia and Iberia?
Who is the strongest character that the Assassins Creed protagonists could take in a fight?
Who would win in a fight: Dobby or a Dementor?
Could Ainz Ooal Gown from Overlord solo the Marvel universe? Kill Eternity, Thanos and Galactus?
Who would win between an army of Uruk-hai and WOW orcs?
Who'd win, Silverback gorilla vs Large Red Kangaroo?
I go to the racetrack. I bet on the favorite to win in all 10 races. What are my chances of coming home as a winner?
Who'd win, Composite Male Bat-Sidekick vs. Composite Female Bat-Sidekick?
Is it true that Russia are going to invade the UK?
Could the 95-96 Chicago Bulls win the 2016 NBA Title following this year's GS Warriors Path?
Settle who would actually win in a fight
In a battle between a Gurkha regiment and the U.S Marine Corps, who would win?
The God-Emperor of Mankind wants to get the Xeno known as "Superman" the hell off of Holy Terra. Can he do it?
Who would win, Kalluro Zoldyck or Franklin?
John Constantine runs a Pact gauntlet
Who'd win, 1000 bloodlusted Silverback Gorillas vs. 5000 U.S. Marines?
Who would win this fight: Guts vs Vampire Batman?
Who can beat a lightning mcqueen made out of vibranium with the Terminator melting power
Who'd win, Connie vs Connie in a Connie Contest?
Who would win a war between Switzerland and North Korea?
Who would be the champion out of Durzo Blint Vs. The Heros and Villains of Worm, and why?
Who would win in a fight between JJ Watt and Brock Lesnar?
In a one-on-one battle between the battleships Tirpitz and Iowa, which would most likely win?
Who would claim victory out of A single helicopter carrier loaded with apache's, tanks, APC's VERSUS Pyongyang City, North Korea. How much can it devastate the city before it's defeated, and why?
You, as you are today, are running for the President of the United States as an Independent candidate Who would win?
Is war always a non-zero sum affair?
Who would win in a war between Brazil and Portugal against Uruguay, Argentina, Paraguay and Spain?
The five biggest stars from each Big Hollywood film studio are hired to film Tropic Thunder in Vietnam. Giving everything that happens in the movie, which studio would get their actors alive?
Who would win, Artoria Pendragon vs Kaori Kanzaki?
Who would be the victor out of Thor vs Kanna Kamui, and why?
Who wants a war between Russia and the USA?
Snoop Dogg and all the pet dogs in the world vs Snoop Lion and all the wild lions in the world: Who would be the champion?
Featured Character: Roger Smith and the Big O
Your favorite character on the road to defeat the main antagonists of One Piece arcs.
Who would win an all out war between Texas and Australia?
Why are so many people asking about World War III?
All Super Smash Bros. characters go at it
Flood vs Necromorph: Who would win?
Who would be the winner out of Man VS Kangaroo, and why?
Who would win a war between Saudi Arabia and Egypt? Why?
Who can Monster Ock individually defeat that Carnage and Doctor Octopus together could not?
In comics, who would win in a fight between Wolverine vs Wolverine?
Who would win in a fight, Nappa or Ironman?
Who would win in a street fight between Ariana Grande and Selena Gomez?
How is bloodlust possible?
The animal classes suddenly wage all out war
Seal Team 6 must assassinate Kim Jong Un.
A guy in my college makes fun of me by saying that he beat me in school. The situation is embarrassing. Fighting is not an option for me, I don't want to fight. Instead, should I accept that “he hit me” or say “we were kids, I don't remember”?
King Bradley vs Tai Lung
Who would win in a fight to the death, Jiren or Saitama?
Between Smaug, the creepy dragon from the Hobbit, and the Hungarian Horntail dragon from the fourth Harry Potter story, who do you think would win and why?
Make a 10-man team to curbstomp Saitama as hard as you can , a.k.a. IM F***ING SICK OF "ONE PUNCH MAN" IN THIS SUBREDDIT!
If the UNSC Infinity had to fight three Star Destroyers, who would win?
Who would win in a conflict between the United States and the British Empire in 1930?
Who would win this war: Tai Lung vs. Zaheer?
Who would win in a duel, Harry or Newt Scamander?
Who would win a fight, Badr Hari or Floyd Mayweather?
Who would win this war: Yoshi vs The I.R.S?
Who would win a fight between Dr. Who and Dr. Strange?
Could Wolverine's claws cut Luke Cage? Who would win in a fight?
Would X-23 or Spiderman win in a fight?
What is the strongest villain my 6 Pokemon team can defeat as a team?
Superman runs a combat speed gauntlet
Who would win, Darth Vader versus Kanan and Ezra?
Who would win, Batman VS Unikitty?
battle for the tree.
Who would win this fight: Thanos Fieri is on a quest to collect all five Flavor Stones. Once embedded in his Tasty Oven Mitten, he'll have the power to open a portal to Flavortown and escape with all known flavors of Earth, leaving humanity completely flavorless?
Who would win between Bruce Lee and a soldier in hand-to-hand combat?
Weakest character who could beat a T-Rex?
Who would win in the Crusading Knights at Hattin versus the Teutonic Knights at Tannenberg?
If you were to make all your favourite video game characters fight each other, who would win?
How many Hippos would it take to kill a tank?
Shia LaBeouf on PCP vs. a hungry mother polar bear: Who would be the victor?
Siberian Tiger vs Grizzly Bear: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Cobra Commander and his men versus Darth Vader and his men?
Strongest a composite tree could beat?
Barack Obama vs Mitt Romney: Who would be the champion?
Every generation of Power Rangers fights in an all out death match. Which generation will be the last ones standing?
An intelligent dog with a laser cannon strapped to it's back versus a brain damaged house cat with the speedforce
Have you ever been in a fight, froze, and then take a beating?
Ender Wiggin's fleet vs. The Federation: Who would claim victory?
Who do you think is going to win the war between mobile operators and Skype, WhatsApp, etc., in India?
Who would win in hand to hand combat, Michael Jackson, or Prince?
Who would win a fight between Chewbacca and Drax the Destroyer?
Who would win, "Apostle of The Goddesses" Elizabeth Liones vs Diamond Holy Knight Death Pierce?
Who would win the willpower fight between Egwene al'Vere and Tiffany Aching?
What country would be in the strategic position in WW3?
Who'd win, Happy Tree friends vs Krillin?
Off Topic Questions and Discussions: TV & Movies ROT YOUR BRAINS! 3/20/15
Which one is better, Spitfire Hurricane or Mustang?
Who would win a fight between a Mapusaurus and a Tyrannosaurus?
Minato vs Itachi in various scenarios: Who would be the winner?
Who'd win, a 6 pack male lion coalition or a Tyrannosaurus Rex?
Would Jason Grace or Harry Potter win in a fight?
Who would win this fight: 3 Aliens vs a pride of Lions?
Who would win in a fight between Sasuke, Madara, Vegeta, and Koro Sensei, and Naruto, Luffy, Goku and One Punch Man?
Who would win in a battle between a Caucasian Shepherd and a black bear?
Action Hero Battle Royal
Unarmed Fight: Jason Bourne vs. John-117
I screwed up and pissed off some fictional characters. Who can't beat them up for me, but can train me to win the fight?
In a fight between Darth Vader and Charlie McGee , who would win?
Wonder Woman proves to be worthy of Mjolnir. Can she defeat Gorr the God Butcher?
Who would win out of The Gravewalker from Shadow of Mordor ends up in Game of Thrones. How does he face off against the Nobles and White Walkers of Westeros, and why?
How do you think WW2 vets would react if WW3 broke out between the U.S., Russia, and China today?
Who would win, Martian Manhunter vs Goku?
Who would win, Hit vs Jiren?
Who would win a war between Nigeria and Iran, if they were neighbors?
Who would win, Hancock And DCEU Superman Vs MCU Thor And FOX Apocalypse?
Which world could Pinky and the Brain take over?
Who would win this punch-up: Team Cat vs Team Dog?
Grizzly bear vs Bengal tiger: Who would win?
Who'd win, The Gang finds a Death Note and decide that they will use it to rid the world of evil and become the gods of this new world?
All Might vs Sea King
Who would win a war between the Imperium of Man and the United Federation of Planets?
Who would be victorious out of Eddie hall, Hafthor Bjornsson and Brian shaw vs the biggest silverback gorilla alive right now, and why?
Who would win this combat: Nolanverse Batman vs. 2 killer whales that can swim through air as if it were water?
Doctor Octopus vs. Black Panther: Who would win?
Who would win, Drizzt Do'Urden or Legolas Greenleaf?
In honor of the NBA coming back and Kim Jong Un making public appearances again: Who wins in a passionate fan contest, Kobe Bryant's fans vs The Kim Dynasty's fans?
What would be an even match for one-punch man?
Wolverine is thrown into a horror movie of your choice. Can he defeat the ghost/killer/villain and/or survive till the end?
If you are a black belt, will you be in legal trouble if you are in a fight?
What are the major points to study to gain a better understanding of the Cold War? Are there any books or articles you might suggest?
What completely human characters could defeat Superman and/or Goku?
Weakest Gundam that can defeat Malachite near water?
Light "Kira" Yagami ~VS~ Yoshikage Kira
Who would win this brawl: Fantastic 4 vs The 5 Kage?
Every animal in the world protecting you from every human in the world
Could Supergirl beat Goku in a fight?
Who would win out of Shadow Lugia vs Zapmolcuno, and why?
Who'd win, Average Deer VS average human male?
Who would win, Salvation Army General vs. Postmaster General?
What happened to SS Waratah?
Including allies, who would win a war between the U.S. & Nepal?
What are some hypothetical circumstances that could lead to two perfectly democratic nations to go to war against one another?
Who would win in a Spawn vs. Hulk fight?
Instead of Hawaii, Stitch lands in Ylisse . Can Chrom reform him?
Who would win in a fight between Thor, Mohammad, Hanuman and Jesus?
Team Rocket vs ISIS: Who would win?
What are some unexpected things that will happen in World War III?
Could a naked Ira Gamagoori beat a naked Ryuko Matoi?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs Batman?
What would be different if Italy did not join Germany in WW2?
If humans had to fight for territories like the big apes in which age would we be in our best shape for those fights?
Who would win, Quitela or MCU Thanos?
Who would be the victor out of Dr Doom Vs Ghost Rider, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Gamagori vs Greed, and why?
If Russia didn't declare war on Austria, would WW1 happen anyway?
Who would win, Superman VS Saitama?
What is the smallest army of a country we need to successfully defeat North Korea?
Who would win in a fight: the entirety of the NJ National Guard, or the entire NYPD?
Who would win the football match between Colombia and Croatia?
What superpowers would celebrities/historical figures have if they existed in the DC or Marvel Universe?
Could Mystery, Inc. figure out that Bruce Wayne is Batman?
Bleeding Edge Iron Man vs Endo-Sym Iron Man
In a battle between a lion and a wolf, which predator would win?
Can Mr. Krabs clear the original God of War Trilogy?
Who would win, Mai versus Harley Quinn?
Who would win out of Kurapika Kurta vs Rabbit, and why?
Who is the weakest character that could drink all of the water on Earth?
Who would win, SSJ2 Goku or SSJ Blue Goku?
Who would win this brawl: Aquaman and the Kingdom of Atlantis vs Black Panther the Kingdom of Wakanda?
Who would win between the Macedonian phalanxes of Alexander and the Camillan legions of Rome?
Who would win, Jason Bourne is called in to deal with a crime epidemic in Korea. Jason Bourne VS The Raid Tower?
All 43 Presidents+Hilary Clinton, Donald Trump, and Bernie Sanders Do Battle. Who Would Win?
Featuring The Brotherhood of the Tofu
Who would have the edge out of Bigby Wolf vs Batman, and why?
Who do you think will win the Golden Boot in WC?
Who would win in a battle royale between all the incarnations of Batman and the Bat Family?
Who would win out of Vikings vs vampires, and why?
Who would win this war: Bane vs Kingpin?
Who would win: Wolverine or Deathstroke?
Who would win this duel: Dogmeat VS Diamond Dog?
Who would claim victory out of Great Apes vs Big Cats, and why?
If Galactus and Darkseid fought, who'd win?
Who would be the winner out of Obito Uchiha vs Trafalgar D. Water Law vs Gremmy Thoumeaux, and why?
Pre-Timeskip One Piece vs Pre-Timeskip Naruto Villain's Bout: Who would have the best chance of winning?
All 44 US presidents vs. 44 clones of Vladimir Putin
Who would win, Air Bender VS Earth Bender Vs Fire Bender Vs Water Bender?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Thoe with half of Hulk's powers, 1/16 of Wonder Woman's powers, 2/3 of iceman's powers, and 1/99 of his own power vs Superman with 4/3 Aquaman's powers, 500 times Spider-man's powers, and 1/100 of his own powers, and why?
Who'd win, Dr. Manhattan vs the bad wolf?
Who would win in a fight: Goku, Superman, or Hulk? Why?
Why didn't the people fighting Thanos in one of the big fight scenes just chop his arm off instead of trying to pull his glove off?
The Chimera Ants land on Toriko's world . How strong can they get?
Will I get in trouble at school if I fought in a pure act of self defense?
Who would win in a human's future, artificial super intelligence or incoming alien invasion?
Batman vs. Black Panther: Who would have the edge?
Who would win this duel: The White Lotus, Red Lotus, Team Aang, and Team Korra vs Team Bloodbenders?
Whomping Willows vs Whispy Woods
Who would be the champion out of Raiden vs Kratos, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Harry Potter and Jace Wayland?
Who would win in a battle between Teutonic Knights and colonial Militiamen?
Geralt of Rivia is chosen as the host of Celembrimbor , who's the strongest they could beat?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Superman vs. Thanos, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Morlun and Morbius?
Who will win in a fight: Melisandre or Professor Trelawney?
Marco Diaz vs Eiji Date just before fighting Martinez for the second time: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Green Lantern and Thor?
Who would win, Spider Family vs Bat family: how would they do in each other's universe?
Who would win this fight: Green Lantern, Thor, Dr Strange, Aquaman, Wonder Woman, Sentry, Black Adam and Black Bolt on a free for all?
Who would win between Naruto vs. Battle Droids?
Who would win this war: The man lil' Wayne says he is vs Superboy Prime?
Who would win in a battle between Deathstroke, Robin from Teen Titans, and Haku and Zabuza Momochi from the Naruto franchise?
Who'd win, The Canadian cow population VS. Simba's Kingdom?
Could Batman defeat Lady Shiva in a fight to the death?
How many U.S. Navy Seals would it take to replace the Continental Army and win the Revolutionary War?
Who would win in a battle between a vampire and a gorilla?
Who would win in a free for all fight, Disney's seven dwarves, or Tolkien's 13 dwarves?
Who would win between Superman Prime One Million and Trigon?
Who would win in this war?
Who'd win, Robattalion vs War Machine?
Who'd win, Jack Kirby now has all the powers of Nintendo's Kirby in addition to his own artistic abilities Can he beat Kotatsu first in an art competition and then in Combat?
Chief Thunder vs Nightwolf: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Future Dabura vs Future Babidi?
Who would win, Grizzly Bear Vs African Lion?
Who would win, Sasuke or Sage Hashirama?
6 SEAL operatives, each shrunk to he size of a LEGO man VS...
Who would win, Majin Buu vs. Kirby?
Who would come out on top out of Goku vs Superman, and why?
Who would win, Batman with 30,000 ping pong balls, two liters of orange soda, and half an hour of prep time vs Unidan with Wolverine's regeneration and an army of 200,000 jackdaws?
Who would win, Arrakis Sand Worm Vs Imperial Titan?
Who would win in a fight, Mystic Gohan or Jiren?
Who would win, Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu and Itsuka Kendo vs Mustard?
How did infantry lines prevent enemies from getting behind them at either end?
Who would win a war between Turkey, Pakistan, UK, or France?
Shrek vs. Po: Who would win?
Who'd win, Death Battle S4 Finale: Vergil vs. Sephiroth?
Who was the best pound for pound boxer in their primes: Floyd Mayweather Jr, Muhammad Ali, Mike Tyson, Rocky Marciano, Ricardo Lopez
Who'd win, Deathstroke versus Solid Snake, Sam Fisher, Big Boss, Agent 47, Navy Seal Copy Pasta and James Bond?
Who would be victorious out of A Love Lusted Bull Moose vs a Territorial Hippo, and why?
Who'd win, Arlong VS Street Sharks?
Who would win, Moby-Dick vs. Jabu-Jabu?
What is the guidelines to win in horse racing?
Who would win a battle between the aliens of Independence day and the Federation?
Who will win a war between China and Turkey? Why?
Who would win in a fight between the Sentry and Spectre?
Why doesn't Achilles win by running very fast in the beginning of the race without having to fill the gaps or wait for the tortoise in Zeno's paradox?
Who would win this brawl: God Vs STTGL?
How strong could a silverback gorilla get in the dbs universe with the combined efforts of everyone? Can he take on ultra doom lion or Superbear Prime 1M?
Bat Family Hunger Games
Who would win, Ultimate Ultron or Captain America, without his shield?
Who would win in a no-holds barred fight between She-Hulk vs Wonder Woman?
What is the Tet Offensive? Why was it important?
Does Nate Diaz's defeat of Conor Mcgregor in UFC 196 indicate that contrary to Hollywood or martial arts marketing, the bigger guy will usually win?
What are the chances of WW3 happening due to the bombings and politics?
Who will win in an UFC-like fight between Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump?
Barney the Dinosaur versus the Teletubbies in a battle to the death. Who would win?
Who would win in a war between the Incan empire and the Aztec empire?
Predator Gauntlet 2.0: fictional weapons
Were there any US soldiers who got combat on two fronts in WW2, and what are the differences between both sides from their opinions?
Who would win, Woodland Critters vs Master Chief?
If war broke out, why might it be unlikely that fighting would happen in Britain?
Every hero and villain on 616 Marvel Earth appears in the real world. What happens next?
Who would come out on top out of Ant-Man vs Captain America, and why?
Who won in the final fight between Naruto and Sasuke?
Mike Tyson and Muhammad Ali, both at their boxing primes, piloting Striker Eureka VS the mark 5 Kaiju, Slattern: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a battle between King Raavan and Thor?
How many Siberian Tigers does it take to take down a Tiger Tank?
What are the chances of a World War this year?
Who would win this war: The Alaskan Bull Worm vs Godzilla?
Mikasa attempts to speed run Shadow of the Colossus.
How many average hobbits could Samwise Gamgee take in a fight
Who would win in a fight between Marvel's Daredevil and DC's Green Arrow?
Who would win a fight between Loki and Blue Marvel?
Thundervs Raiden.
Has Quora ever been in a fight? If so, how did it go down?
Who would win between Spider-Man at his strongest and Superman at his weakest?
What would have happened between Germany and Japan had the Axis Powers won WWII? Had the Allies been defeated, would Germany and Japan have gone to war? Would they remain allies? And what about Italy?
What Machiavellian lessons does The Game of Thrones have?
Who would win in a fight between, Bruce Lee and Rocky Marciano?
If Steve Jobs and Lee Byung-chul fought to the death while both in their prime, who would win?
Who would win a war between Kenya and Sudan, along with their allies?
Who would win between Spartans under the command of Leonidas and Samurai under the command of Takeda Shingen?
Who would win, Earths vs. Earth?
You have your favorite character's powers, can you beat 100 people? Who would win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Geralt of Rivia, the White Wolf versus Talion, the Grave Walker, and why?
Who would win, Depowered Goku vs Batman?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a fight to the death, Garrosh or Grommash Hellscream?
Storm of the X-Men vs. Thor. Who would win?
Who wins in a fight between Black Widow from Marvel and Joker from DC?
Who would come out on top out of Shadow The Hedgehog Vs. Ryuko Matoi, and why?
Who would win this battle: Prep time vs Precognition?
Could female UFC champion Ronda Rousey beat Floyd Mayweather in an MMA fight?
Django VS Clint Eastwood: Who would be the champion?
SSJ4 Gogeta vs Super Saiyan God Goku: Who would be the champion?
Disney universe in the Tournament of Power
Who is the strongest real superhero that /r/shittysuperpowers could beat?
Colossus vs Angel Dust: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight, Superman Prime or Dark Phoenix?
Who would win this duel: Silverback Gorilla With Human Intelligence vs. A Standard African Lion?
Who would win, A Persian War Rhino vs a Tyrannosaurus?
composite Cyborg vs Genos: Who would be victorious?
Who would win a fight between a German Shepherd and a Rottweiler?
Featured Team: The Pillars of Equestria
RWBY + JNPR Death Match
Cartoon Cat-A-Thon
Who would win, 2 WW2 M4 Sherman Tanks VS 1 German Tiger Tank?
Which would win a fight, a polar bear or a hippopotamus?
Who'd win in a fight- Green Lantern or The Mask?
The combined human armies of middle earth vs 300 Spartans guarding the Hot Gates: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Goku SSJ Blue or Krillin?
What makes people in a fight tend to hit each other on the head/face?
Who would win this duel: Kai vs Kratos?
Who do you think would win Batman or Iron Man?
If there is a fight between Iron Man and Spider-Man, who will win and why?
What version of Goku could your favorite character beat in a fight?
Who would win, 4 F-22 Raptors vs 15 F-15 Eagles?
Could Batman survive the Juni Taisen ?
If you took a single King Tiger and gave it to the German army in WW1, would they win?
If Bronn fought the Hound, who would win?
Who would win in a war between Canada and Germany?
Who would win a fight between Ronda Rousey and Amanda Nunes?
Who would win in a fight, Black Canary or Venom?
Who would win, Ash-Greninja vs Metal Bat?
Who would win in a fight between Composite Link and Sora?
Mighty Mouse vs. Atom Ant: Who would come out on top?
Who's the most fragile character that can endure a ladder of all 49 deaths and injuries suffered by the Teen Girl Squad?
Would Japan help India, if India declares war on China?
Who would win out of Silverback gorilla vs a silverback-sized t rex, and why?
Who would win in a legal battle royale between Disney, Microsoft, and Google?
Can 100 Catachan Jungle Fighters Protect Logan and Jake Paul as they go Vlogging Through the Catachan Jungles?
Who would win this punch-up: Blade vs Luke Cage?
God of death Flash vs Mastered Ultra instinct Goku: Who would come out on top?
Who would win this brawl: Three silverback gorillas with human intelligence vs one African elephant with the intelligence of a silverback gorilla?
Who will win, Thanos or Shaktimaan?
Who would be the winner out of Elephant Seal vs Hippo, and why?
Who would win this match: Naked Batman vs a Hippopotamus?
Who would win: Superman or Dr. Strange?
The Batman has vanished, a new hero appears to protect Gotham, The Black Panther.
Who would win out of Skitter vs. Navy SEALS, and why?
Who would win, Powerless Wonder Woman vs Batman?
Was there ever any documented fighting between Japanese soldiers wearing the French Adrian helmet and Chinese soldiers wearing the German Stahlhelm?
Dr.Two-Brains vs. Mojo Jojo Who Wins?
Who do you think would win, Naruto or Indigo?
Who would win in a race between Fox's Quicksilver and CW's Flash?
Who would win? Arthas Menethil vs Anakin Skywalker
Who would win, Rosario + Vampire vs DBZ?
Who'd win, Anck-Su-Namun & Nefertiri vs Snake Eyes and Storm Shadow?
Who would win, Iron Man T-Rex Vs. Captain America Bull African Bush Elephant?
Who would win: Broly or Majin Buu?
Who would win, Rune King Thor vs Spawn?
Who would win, Roy Harper/Red Arrow/Arsenal vs Connor Hawke?
Could an average adult male win in an arena style fight with a gorilla?
Who would win in a war between the US and NATO?
Who would win in a fight, Barry Allen’s The Flash versus Kent Nelson’s Dr. Fate?
Who would win, Thor with Mjolnir or Thor with Stormbreaker?
Who would win this brawl: The Navy SEAL copypasta guy vs. The Soldier?
Who would win this punch-up: Juggernaut vs Team Cap?
How realistic was the fight between Hulk and Thanos?
Hippo size beetle vs hippo: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Darth Maul vs Darth Malgus?
Who would win this punch-up: A tiger and a lion vs a polar bear and a grizzly bear?
Who would win in a fight between Adam D'Angelo’s team and Hillary Clinton’s team?
Who would win, Thor with his hammer vs Thanos with the power stone?
If Batman, Ironman, and Captain America had to take down Superman, Thor, and Hulk, how would they do it?
Who would win this brawl: Hit Girl from the kick ass comics is now a 23 y/o Hit Woman. With the extra 10 years of experience and training who in the Bat family can she beat?
What are some demographic groups that have to change their voting pattern from the 2016 election for the Democratic presidential candidate to win the 2020 Presidential election?
What vampire can beat Vampire Hunter D
Who would claim victory out of Zebra vs. DIO, and why?
If Bruce Wayne from Batman v Superman fought Bane from The Dark Knight Rises, who would win?
Is it possible to end a full-scale WW2-style conventional war with a single weapon?
Can Ghost Rider beat the Joker in a fight?
Who would come out on top out of MCU Ant-man VS CW's the Atom, and why?
Who will win if there was a war between India and England or the United Kingdom?
Fry from Futurama must beat the joker and his goons in a fight within one year. Can batman train him to do so?
Who would win in a fight, Starfire or Iron Fist?
Who'd win, Meruem vs Genos?
Who is the strongest character who would go down when a hyena bites their junk?
Shin v Zodac
The Mumen Rider receives a Green Lantern ring. Whose the strongest he can defeat?
Who would win this war: Genos vs. Neferpitou?
If a coyote and a wolf were to fight, which one will win?
Can a 21 year old beat a 60 year old in a fight?
Who would win in a war between Somalia and Ethiopia?
Who would win, Darth Vader vs. Lord Voldemort?
When did Shri Hanuman and Shri Ram had a fight between them?
Who would win, Yang vs. Tifa?
Who would be victorious out of Loki vs Wonder Woman, and why?
Ant Man gets control of 1,000,000 Durants . Who can he beat?
All superheros of Marvel and DC are stripped of their powers and forced to become Pirate Captains with a ship, a crew, and enough supplies to last indefinitely. Who wins in an all out brawl across the Pacific Ocean.
Naked Batman with no arms or legs vs a badger
Who would win this punch-up: Nagato runs for president in the 2016 election, with the Six Paths of Pain and the Akatsuki as his campaign managers and helpers. Can he win? What are his stances on important issues? What political party does he belong to?
Who would win out of Goku vs Superman, and why?
Any of the 4 chaos gods from warhammer vs one punch man
Who would win in a battle, Raven or Scarlet Witch?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Superman?
Kangaroo vs Humans: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Superwoman?
Wolverine meets a honey badger and they start fighting. Who would win?
Who would be the victor out of The Z Fighters vs The Avengers vs The Justice League vs X men vs The Fantastic Four vs The Four Heavenly Kings vs Original Team 7 vs The Watchmen Team vs Gotei 13 vs The Authority, and why?
Geralt of Rivia v Wylad
Every current and former US government/military official with North Korea's resources vs Kim Jong Un with US' resources.
Who would win, Yamcha's Wolf Fang Fist vs Blue Bodyguards?
Who would win, Kirby Vs. Buu?
If a modern American destroyer had to fight every ship in the Imperial Japanese Navy in 1939, who would win?
Operation Barbarossa has begun just hours ago and Hitler has been killed in an apparent plane crash. You have been given the Chancellorship. How best will you prosecute the remainder of the war?
With prep time, who would win, Reed Richards or Batman?
Who would win: Iron Fist vs Wolverine?
Who would be the champion out of Superman Vs. Thor, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Lincoln and Obama vs Stalin and Putin?
Who would win in a fight between the most powerful fictional elf and vampire?
Who would win out of Bear Grylls vs Minecraft Hardcore mode, and why?
Can Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark successfully prevent the state of Texas from being damaged by hurricane Harvey?
If the MCU defenders fought to the death, who would win?
An American Badger vs. An average male in a cage fight
Who would win out of Chimpanzee vs Gorilla, and why?
Who would win a battle between the Borg from Star Trek and the Daleks from Doctor Who?
You're favorite shit tier Superhero vs you're favorite shit tier villain. Who would win?
In a war between playboy and nice guy, who do you like more to win? Why?
Shadow Stalker vs Flechette: Who would be the victor?
Who wins in a fight Rock Lee Vs Sakura?
Who would be the champion out of German WW1 Sturmtruppen vs Navy Seals, and why?
In a battle between the HMS Warspite and the Dunkerque, which ship would win?
Who'd win, The Nations Middle Earth vs Equestria?
Who will win in a battle between Kingdom Come, Superman, and Son Goku in his mastered ultra instinct form?
Who would win in an arm wrestling battle between Worldbreaker Hulk and Thanos?
Who would win a war between Korea and Thailand, Korea and Vietnam, Korea and Japan, and Korea and Costa Rica?
Metallica but each member is made purely of metal VS Guns n Roses but they have guns that exclusively shoot roses VS Led Zeppelin but they can either transform into zeppelins or turn their bodies to lead VS AC/DC but they control lightning and have to flip a switch on their bodies to change currents: Who would be the victor?
Four Literal WWE Performers fight each other. Who wins?
Who would win, Joke Battle: Lord Itachi "The Solo King" vs Broly vs Batgod vs Superman vs Vineforce Flash?
You are chosen as the Supreme commander of the United army of the work-lusted ants.Who's the strongest person you can beat ? Who would win?
If all the Kages fought against Goku who would win?
Who would win, The whole population of Ants are united and are work-lusted.How can they defeat Superman?
Who would win in a fight between Talion and Rico Rodriguez?
Your favorite non-superhuman character vs. Captain Flint
Who would win this combat: Saitama vs Yamcha?
Mastered Ultra Instinct Goku vs. Saitama: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Metroid Battle: Ridley Vs. Mother Brain Vs. Kraid?
Who is the strongest person a titanium covered T-rex with the arms of a silverback gorilla, and an automatic lazer cannon on its back can defeat?
The Avengers now have Kiritsugu Emiya's Morals, how does Infinity War change?
Who would win in a fight between two MMA Fighters and 7 rugby players.
Who would win in a fight between a Titan from the game Titanfall or Master Chief from the Halo franchise
Who would win this war: Plague Knight vs. a lot of cats?
Who would win, The Phantom Troupe vs S-Class Heroes?
Who would win, Dr. Mashirito or Vegeta?
Who would win, Mai vs Army?
Who would win? Voldemort vs Anakin Skywalker .
Who would win in a fight, a German Shepherd or a Siberian Husky?
Navy Seals are put into a CS:GO tournament against the world's top players, but with a twist- the seals are put into the game world with the latest VR Tech.
What would happen if MCU’s Thanos was DCEU Superman’s enemy?
Tai Lung Vs. Shredder: Who would claim victory?
Who would win between Enrico Pucci and Superman?
What will World War III look like?
What peace organization will you create to prevent world war 3?
Who would be the victor out of Polar Bear vs Grizzly Bear vs Giant Panda, and why?
Who would win, Monstro VS Moby Dick?
Do you find yourself in agreement with Uchiha Madara's goals and Motivation?
Who would win: Snoke or the following Sith?
Who would be the champion out of Prehistoric snake vs modern african elephant, and why?
Thom Yorke and Steven Wilson use the Potara fusion and release an new album as Thom Wilson: Who would win?
Who is the weakest character that could beat a gameplay MtG player? Feats inside
What is the difference between "Modern Air Combat: Team Match" and "Air Combat OL: Team Match"? Which one is better?
Who'd win, TOAA vs Christian god?
Who would win this duel: Master Chief vs Domino: Whose luck runs out first?
Who would win, Feitan or Razor?
Who would would in a fight, Beast Boy or Iron Man?
How many ants does it take to change a light bulb?
Who would win, Superman prime one million with Batmans brain and a green lantern ring vs. Squirrel Girl?
What kinds of dogs can defeat a chimpanzee in a fight?
Who would win, General or SSJ Blue Kaoi-ken x10?
Who would win a war between the US and Congo?
Strongest Pokemon these real world animals can beat.
Who'd win, The Laughing Dead Vs Warhammer Fantasy?
Who would win this duel: Black Panther vs Batman?
Who'd win, The Unsullied vs The Spartans?
What is the difference between air superiority, multirole, intercept and attack fighter aircrafts?
North American Grizzly Bear vs Silverback Gorilla: Who would win?
Who would win, Wheel of Time Verse vs Ghost in the Shell Verse?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of 4 Navy SEALs versus 10 SEAL-lusted Great White Sharks, and why?
Seven Jedi Masters Exclusively Using One of the Seven Lightsaber Lightsaber Combat Forms Go To Battle. Which Form Wins?
Who would win, Whis or Hit?
Who would win in a fight against Count Dooku?
The Justice League are put in place of The Avengers when the Chitauri invade Earth.
Who would win, 4 C709 Longsword Strikefighter/Interceptor vs 4 Fury Interceptors?
Who would be the winner out of The United States of America vs North Korea, and why?
Who'd win, Wakanda Vs. Gorilla City?
In martial arts, how can I punch faster?
How many bees would it take to 10/10 the God Emperor of Mankind?
Who would win in a full Pokemon battle between Trip and Sawyer?
A sentient/sapient house cat wants to kill and adult red dragon , who is the weakest person that can buff the cat in a week to at least have a 8/10 chance of winning: Who would be the victor?
Buggy vs Trafalgar Law: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Attendant Whis or Goku SSB Kaioken?
Sumo Battle Royale
Rayquaza vs. Slifer/Osiris the Sky Dragon: Who would win?
Who would win if Essos and Westeros went to war against each other?
Who would win this match: Doomsday, Darkseid & Anti-Monitor vs. World War Hulk, Thanos & Galactus?
Who'd win, Korra, Wolverine, Beerus , Rey , James Bond and Mewtwo vs Thanos?
What major events occurred during the First World War?
Fighting: Other than in legend and myth, has a human ever killed a lion or tiger with nothing more than a knife or sword?
Who would win, Sentry with the Void or Silver Surfer?
"Marines Don't Die, They Just go to Hell to Regroup.", They've Regrouped and are now Ready to Conquer hell .
Who is the strongest vampire Dio can beat?
What were some of the biggest obstacles General Westmoreland had to face while trying to successfully command in Vietnam? Was his support sufficient?
Who would win, the superheroes of DCEU vs the superheroes of the MCU?
Who would win, Naruto or Choji?
8 Emperor Penguins that have not eaten in five months and are content with human flesh vs. an average 18 year old boy who has never fired a gun before with a Glock 19 and 15 rounds: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight: Mr. Fantastic or Mr. Incredible.?
How many Avengers could One-Punch Man defeat if they all came at him at once?
Who would win in this fight: flash vs the juggernaut?
Doctor Octopus vs Kaneki : Who'd win?
If Bibi Netanyahu and Vladimir Putin fought each other to death, who would win?
How would the US make nuclear strikes on North Korea "if considered"? How should people of North Korea and neighboring countries protect themselves from radiations and radioactive materials?
The Continents Have A War With All of their Horror Characters
Who would win this punch-up: 150 Brock Lesnars vs a T.rex?
Who would win this war: Water-Hand Aquaman vs. Apocalypse?
My Coworkers and Me vs. A Rhinoceros
Who would win in a fight, Sonic, Mario, Link, or Megaman?
Who'd win, Watch vs The Bat family?
Who would win in a fight, Dante or Bayonetta?
Who would win, Darkside vs Thanos?
Who would win this duel: Churchill vs. Church Hill?
Who would win in a war between the U.S. And Iran?
The U.S. now has the ability to make any animal as smart as any human. What's the greatest team/force the U.S. military could now assemble?
Had someone gone back in time and killed Hitler, would WW2 have happened? Or would someone else have taken his place?
What happened to the French military? In the 1800s, it could fight the whole of Europe. In the 1950s, France couldn't fight Vietnam even with US help.
You VS Me Who would win?
Human is the best at long distance running, and horses has been our mode of transport for thousands of years, so in race of 100km, which would win?
How many Chimpanzees would it take to 5/10 a 15 member pack of Timber wolves?
King Thanos Vs. Saitama
Who would win a fight between Blue Marvel and Quasar?
Who would win in a fight between Captain Atom and Sentry?
Who would win a rap battle between geto boys and nwa?
TIL there are estimated 100 trillion ants on the planet, who's the strongest entity Antman can beat in the MCU?
Tournament of Might Signups
Billy The Kid Vs. Al Capone
Versus: Who would win in a fight between Hawkeye and Green Arrow?
Who would be victorious out of Current DBZ Humans Vs All previous DBZ Arcs, and why?
Who would win, Human Torch vs Beerus?
Who'd win, Alphonse Capone vs Alphonse Elric?
What are some common misconceptions in these battles and why are they wrong?
Who would win, sun-dipped Superman or post-crisis Superman?
Who'd win, Kratos VS Wonder Woman?
Who would win: Kisame or Tobirama?
Vampire Hunter D runs a Berserk Ladder
Who would win in a fight between Qui Gon Jinn and General Grievous?
Who would win in a battle between Pinhead of the film "Hellraiser" and John Constantine of the series "Hellblazer"?
Who would win, Vaccine Man or Saitama?
Spider-Man vs Batman: Who would win?
Would Batman fight ISIS?
Black Panther vs. Batman vs. Doc Savage: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight, Dragonite or Yoshi?
Does Gilgamesh's Enkidu work on other gods from fiction?
If Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump both ran independent campaigns against Hillary Clinton and Marco Rubio in a 4-headed race, who would win?
Every human on the entire planet is fused into one person. How far up this gauntlet could it reach? And how powerful could it be in general?
Who would win out of One Silverback Gorilla VS Ten Unarmed Navy SEALS, and why?
Who would come out on top out of Uber and Leet vs. Batman, and why?
Your favorite superhero has to take over the world in 6 months. How does he or she do so?
Could Gandalf have defeated the Witch King?
How many gorillas would it take to bring down an unarmed Master Chief?
Who would win a battle royale between all the Mass Effect companions?
Who would win in a fight between Bane and The Mountain?
If there are 20 horses in a race? The total purse is $70M to WIN. What are the odds a horse that has accumulated $5M in bets?
Apart from Jensen Button, how many Formula 1 champions have won more races for a team that's not their championship winning team?
If all the James Bond actors were in a fight to the death, who would win and why?
Who is the strongest person Sokka from Avatar the Last Airbender could defeat?
Who would come out on top out of Bloodborne hunter vs Detlaff, and why?
How would 100 modern day navy seals fair in combat against 10,000 Paleolithic human?
How will the new email investigation impact the U.S. Presidential election?
Who would win between one shark and 1000 piranhas?
Who wins the race, YouTube or Dailymotion?
Who would be the champion out of Steve Jobs tries to sell landline phones, Kanye West white noise albums, Elon Musk bicycles, and Howard Schultz bottled water, all overpriced by about 200% from the usual market price, and why?
Diego Brando is placed in Jurassic Park and...
Let's construct a ladder for the superhero team we made.
Who would win in a fight: Jon Jones or Muhammed Ali?
Kakashi vs 5 kage, who would win?
Who would win this war: Modern technology vs. The one ring?
Who would win in a "Bigger Ego" Battle between Tony Stark and Draven ?
Avengers Infinity war with a little help from the ruinous powers. SPOILERS
Who would win: Homer Simpson vs. Peter Griffin?
Your favorite vampire Vs. Your favorite wizard
Why are some Indian Muslims celebrating Pakistan's victory over India in ICC Champions Trophy 2017?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 11/15/2015
Buffy the Vampire Slayer vs Sam Winchester.
Is blitzkrieg still a viable strategy in war?
In the Shannara world, who would win in a fight between Cymrian and Simralin?
Who would win, SSJG Broly vs Golden Cell?
Who would win, The Green Arrow vs. 5 facehuggers and 2 xenomorph drones?
What is the strongest country that North Korea could beat 1v1?
3 Lions vs. 2 Polar Bears: Who would win?
Who would win, Me VS a goat?
Why did Egypt and Syria lose Yom Kippur war?
Who would win this battle: Leatherhead vs Killer Croc?
Who would win this brawl: The Three Amigos or Tropic Thunder?
Who is the weakest character that could survive reading every page in SCP-1025?
What 13 year old child could defeat the Red Ribbon Army?
Who'd win, Mike Tyson vs The Mountain in a boxing match?
A rift in dimensions have caused two universes to merge: Black Butler and the Doom universe. Swearing to kill all demons the Doom Slayer comes face to face with Sebastian Michaelis. Who would win in a fight?
Can your team of four cartoon heroes defeat my four childhood cartoon superheroes in a fight for nostalgia superiority?
What are some little-known facts from World War II that fascinate you?
Could Carmelita Fox catch Nelson Muntz, Jimbo Jones, Kearney Zzyzwicz and Dolph Starbeam?
Who would win, Isaac Netero or Grand Priest/Daishinkan?
Who would win this match: Geralt of Rivia, the Butcher of Blaviken, the White Wolf vs Guts, the seriously upset?
Who'd win, Michelle Obama VS Your Dad?
Who would win in a fight, four clone ARC troopers or four clone commandos?
Who would win, Saitama or Son Goku?
How long would the war last if the US invaded Syria and China, Russia, India, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and Turkey helped out the US?
Who'd win, Silverback Gorilla vs Siberian Tiger?
Spider-man Vs. Batman: Who would win?
Tai Lung vs. Doctor Octopus: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a war between old South Africa and Russia?
can Guts kill Bigby Wolf
How would the Borg assimilate the Founders; also known as The Changelings; the shapeshifting Founders of The Dominion? Would they be able to, at all?
An astronaut on the ISS, vs. an African lion, also on the ISS.
Who is the strongest dog Cesar Millan could train?
What would be the safest city to be in the USA when WW3 happens?
Who would win a battle between Doctor Strange and Iron Man?
The Mountain extensively trains for 1 year at boxing, 1 year at MMA and 1 year at wrestling. Isn't there any human who can beat him in a fight?
Who would win: World Breaker Hulk or Colossus?
All countries in the world go to war based on their dominant religion.
Who would win, Ben 10,000 or Kevin 11,000?
Who will win in a battle, Thanos with all Infinity Stones or Superman and Batman?
What is the fight between the tech YouTubers in India?
Can a Caucasian Shepherd defeat a lone wolf in a head on battle?
Who'd win, Lifestyle Young Thug vs. Soda in the Water Cup Fronz?
You have the powers of your favorite song lyrics. Who is the strongest person you can defeat? Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Black Panther, Batman, or Spider-Man?
Who would win in air-to-air combat between a MiG-21 "Bison" spec and the JF-17 Block II?
Everyone who died in the Vietnam conflict Vs Frieza: Who would be the winner?
Who would have the edge out of The New Gods vs. the Olympians, and why?
kratos, aang, sasuke, solid snake, saitama, sans, samus, spiderman, and batman vs frieeza: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who is the most powerful character druglusted Leo DiCaprio from Wolf of Wall Street could beat?
Who would win in a fight, SpongeBob or Bolin?
Who would win, Darth Vader vs Darkseid?
Who would win if Captain America, Iron Man, Hulk and Thor were to fight against each other?
Who wins the race, IAS or IPS?
Who wins in a fight between a wolf and panda?
Jake the Dog vs Ant-Man
Who would win in a fight between Lady Columbia vs. Lady Liberty vs. Uncle Sam?
Who would win, Deadpool or Darth Vader?
The main characters of the last 2 games you played are dueling. Who would win?
Who would win, Strongest person Johnny Test and the squad can beat?
What would happen in a fight between Gomora and She-Hulk?
Featured Team: The Idol Choujin
Who would win, The team of Solid Snake, Big Boss, Gray Fox, and Ocelot are trapped inside Canary Wharf. There is one Dalek on the loose, and no way out for them or it?
Who is the strongest character Genji can kill but he's only allowed to use Fidget Spinners instead of shuriken.
Who would win in a fight between a wolf and an otter?
I have given 'Left Shark' 3 random superpowers.
Who would win a war between Nazi Germany and the Vietcong with China's help?
Who would win out of African Elephant vs Silverback Gorilla, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Blue Marvel and MS Marvel?
The British Empire decides to retake the United States at the end of the Civil War. Can they do it?
Who would win: Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet or Rassilon?
Erwin Rommel, the Desert Fox <VS> Manfred von Richthofen, the Red Baron
Who'd win in a civil war between Scotland and England?
Who would win, Leol or Bonolenov?
Who would win in a fight between Star Killer and Riddick?
Who would win, The Thing vs Rhino?
People you kill join your cause, how many rounds until your party can defeat Galactus?
You vs tiger Who would win?
How many silverback gorillas would it take to kill an African Elephant?
In designing small solar car for a race, How can I choose the panels? And what are the points I should focus on to win the race?
Batman On Finding Out Batman's Identity
Who would win in a direct military confrontation between China and the United States?
If just a single North Korean nuclear warhead was fired at the USA, how many people would die?
What are the best places to hide in US if a nuclear war breaks out?
Who would win in a ground battle between the Empire and the Red Legion?
Who would win a war between Starfleet and the Cylons?
Who'd win, Ayy vs. Lmao?
If there was a battle between Superheroes and anime heroes, who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: T-Rex vs African elephant?
Who would win in a fight between Darkseid and Orion?
Which animal would win in a fight to the death, a kodiak bear or a silverback gorilla?
Who would win, a Silverback Gorilla or a Hippo?
Who would win, Professional MMA Fighter vs Trained Dog?
Featuring Team Urameshi!
If Mr. Freeze fought Captain Cold who would win?
Shepard's Suicide Squad runs a gauntlet.
Who'll win, Anakin or Deadpool?
Who would win, 2,500 T-Rex or the US Army?
Who would win, 100 Navy SEALs versus 100 Greek veterans of the Battle of Marathon?
Which historical figure would best replace the T-800 in Terminator 2?
Who would win in a fight between Itachi Uchiha and Minato?
Cat Fight!!
The Vampire Diaries : If Spiderman and Damon Salvatore got in a fight, who would win?
Who would win, Alluka, Killua Zoldyck, Gotoh, Canary and Amane or Illumi Zoldyck?
How does cyber warfare work? Who does it target and how does it threaten society? How much of it is government sponsored?
Power is now directly proportional to Popularity
If we had a road race between a bicycle made in 2016 and an average motorcycle from 1940, which would win and why?
Who would win in a fight: Darth Vader and Mewtwo?
Who would win: 7.6 billion people vs. Godzilla?
Can Nigeria defeat South Africa in a full fledged war?
What would a fight between Ultron and Doomsday be like?
If all of Miss Peregrine‘s children fought against the 7 demigods, who will win?
Who would win, Universe Tournament: DC Universe VS Universe 7?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Kakashi? both at their highest level.
Who would win, 4 Cell Jr. vs Cabba?
Who would win, Cosmic Armour Superman or Sentry?
Who would win this match: Toby Fox vs. Scott Cawthon?
Who would claim victory out of Z-Fighters at the start of the Sayain saga VS The Avengers right after the Battle of New York, and why?
Will Donald Trump defeat his opponent in the general election?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand fight between Gamora and the Black Widow?
If Floyd Mayweather would have fought Muhammad Ali, who would have won?
Who would win in a fight: a taco or a grilled cheese sandwich?
Who would win between Odin and Thor? And between Odin and Thanos?
Who would be the champion out of Black Panther vs Batman, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Fist and Karate Kid?
Who would win, Dooku and Anakin versus Yoda?
Who would win this punch-up: Whose feet are tougher? Disney's Tarzan, or Frodo at the end of the Lord of the Rings Trilogy?
Who would win, Tim Drake/Red Robin with suit vs Red Arrow?
Genuine versus pretentious, why does the latter win?
Who would win a war between Germany and North Korea, if they were neighbors?
Who would win, Whovians VS. Bronies in a Olympic style series of "games".... who is more pretentious and or annoying?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Thanos?
Who would win a battle between Saitama and Naruto?
Who would be the champion out of Strongest DBZ character killable by Sonic and Shadow as a duo, and why?
Who would actually win in a fight, Shaq or Big Show?
Squidward Tentacles decides to put together a five piece band to compete in a battle of the bands. He can swap out band members, but Squidward must always play clarinet.
Who would win in a race to destroy the world , Amelia Bedelia or Consiglio Devastations?
Who would win this fight: Krillin & Deadpool vs. Wonder Woman & Batman?
Who'd win, Battle of the fabulous vampires, DIO versus Kars?
What current commonly available aircraft would be most suitable for mid/late WWII missions, armed and modified with equipment from that time?
Why are so many young Americans in Quora so obsessed with hypothetical wars, fighting and killing?
Who would win, Ganondorf vs. Fire Emblem Lords?
Who would win a fight between a cheetah and a velociraptor?
Is there possibility of World War 111,and if yes, which countries are likely to win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Superman vs Goku vs Thor in non combat challenges, and why?
Who would win in a land battle between the Cold War Era Soviet Union and the US?
Who would win, SSJ3 Gotenks vs Copy Vegeta?
What if Drax from MCU met Batman from DCEU?
What is the lowest amount of weaponry needed for a human to win in a fight with...
Sand Snakes vs Iron Fist: Who would win?
Sinister Six Battle Royale resubmission since I had some trouble flairing
Who would win: Superman or the Flash?
Who would come out on top out of Tiger IIs vs M1A2 Abrams, and why?
Who'd win, Captain Krypton vs Ms. Amazon vs. Thor Shazam?
What's the strongest fictional army that modern America can win a war against 5/10?
Who would win in a fight, a Bengal tiger or an African lion?
How do I win more Races/Stunt Races in GTA online?
Could Dabura turn Jiren into stone, if Jiren doesn't know about Dabura's power and gets caught off guard? Why didn't they recruit Dabura from heaven instead of Master Roshi?
Who would win, Superman vs Super Buu?
If war breaks out in Korea. Would wounded troops most likely be flown to a Japanese hospital like they were during the Vietnam war?
Who would win in a fight, a U.S. Marine with a Ka-bar knife or a mountain lion?
Who would win this combat: Goku vs. Superman. No wait actually read it?
Can A super smart Chimpanzee kill Goku, Superman, Hulk, Thor, Wonder Woman, Iron Man, Batman, and Lex Luthor.
If there is a fight between Hancock and Hulk who would win?
Who'd win in a fight, Solomon Grundy or the Juggernaut?
Punisher VS Black Panther: Who would be victorious?
What are some little-known facts about WW2 tanks?
Who would win, Zoom vs Flash of the DCEU?
Who would win in a battle between Dumbledore and Aragorn?
Who'd win, The Rhino is now empowered by the Crimson Gem of Cyttorak, and is given Juggernaut's powers. Who is the strongest person or team he could take on or solo? Who could stop him?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Orion from the New Gods?
Who would win in a race and battle for treasure/goods: Han Solo vs Indiana Jones?
If an armored man with a knife openly fought an unarmored man with a sword, what would be his chances of "winning"?
Weakest non-Star Wars swordsman who could beat General Grievous in a duel?
What universe has the best vampires?
Who wins an evenly matched battle between the greatest strategist in history and the greatest tactician in history?
Who do you think will win the Champions League , Juventus or Real Madrid?
Which rematch would the United States have a higher chance of winning today: the Korean War or the Vietnam War?
Can supes beat this guy that I made up.
If all the Sith and all the Jedi fought in an open space, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between 100 Samurai and 3000 zombies?
Who would win a US civil war in 2017, the left or the right?
Who will win a war between the USA and North Korea?
Who would win in a battle between 10 Panther tanks and a Centurion tank?
12 male lions attack your home. They have a combined weight of 3000kg . You can assemble a team of any combination of animals who also total 3000kg.
All animals in Dog Family VS All animals in Cat Family .
Who could defeat Lord English in a fight?
Who'd win, Tracer vs Rainbow Dash?
If the 4 major factions in Fallout 4 fought each other, who would win?
Who would win, The Atom Vs Ant-man?
Who would win in a battle between a coyote and a heeler?
Who would win in a fight between Obi-Wan Kenobi & Anakin Skywalker and Darth Revan & Darth Malak?
If the U.S. and Japan fight once again, will the U.S. gain victory again? If so, then how much would it take?
Who would win a war between dictator regime of China vs democratic nation of India?
Who will win in a fight between Sabretooth and Gorilla Grood?
The weakest who can beat the strongest
Who would win, the First Arbiter or the Master Chief?
Who would win, Akatsuki or the Old Five Kage?
Who would win this punch-up: Elephant Seal the size of an Elephant vs an Elephant?
Who would win between modern day USA and Gulf war era USA in a war?
Battle between the Vampires
Who would win, Ares from DCEU or Steppenwolf from DCEU?
Do Israeli combat troops really know Krav Maga? Can an average infantry man win a fight against a terrorist?
Who would win, Batman or Lex Luthor?
Who would win if there would be a match between Pep's Barca and Zidane's Madrid, both at their peak?
Who would win, Aeon Flux or Ultra Violet?
Who would be the winner out of Wolverine vs Black Panther, and why?
Who would win this combat: Future Trunks vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a battle between EU Grandmaster Luke and Star Killer?
Who is the toughest TV cop of all time?
Who would have the edge out of Saitama vs Black Bolt, and why?
Who would win between a silver back gorilla and a grizzly bear?
What character has the best combat speed?
Who would win, Onslaught or World Breaker Hulk in full power?
Who'd win, Challenge: MCU Thor vs A character of your choice?
Who would win in a fight between DC's Bane or Marvel's Luke Cage Powerman?
Disney Princess Battle Royale
Who would win, Botamo vs Hit?
In an all-out struggle, who wins: the Marvel Universe or the DC Universe?
MCU's infinity war team and Fox's Fantastic Four vs DCEU Zod and his villainous harem: Who would be the winner?
Deep Sea King vs Meruem: Who would claim victory?
How many space wolves would it take to beat Holo ?
If there ever was a fight between the Indian Army and the BSF, who will win?
Which side is Germany on I don't think I saw it listed on the sides for WW3?
Who would win, Pyrrha Nikos with Semblance vs Jaune Arc?
Who would be the champion out of 'Purple Tiger' Admiral Fujitora vs 'The Tornado of Terror' Tatsumaki, and why?
Who would be the champion out of League of Legends Champions VS Their Inspiration, and why?
Who would win in a battle between 50 M60 Patton tanks in their original configuration, and a single M1A2 Abrams?
Who would win this war: Average dude with Medievil Iron Armor vs a Chimp?
What if Mexico went to war with The UK?
Who would win in a war between Julius Ceasar and Chandragupta Maurya with Acharya Chanakya?
Who would win, Classic Batroc the Leaper vs Electra?
Who would win this war: Conor McGregor vs. Floyd Mayweather Jr?
Can humanity survive the Skeleton War?
Who would win this war: General Grievous vs Qui-Gon Jinn?
How would Japan have fared in a fight, had the USA landed on mainland Japan and continued WWII and had no nukes been dropped or developed?
Who would win in this Neolithic battle to the death: a man on an elephant versus a man on a rhinoceros?
Who would win in a fight: Goku or Sonic? Why?
How do you feel about the idea of Death Battles? Do you think the ones done by ScrewAttack are fair and well-researched?
Who would be victorious out of One Piece Admirals vs Yamamoto, and why?
Who would win a fight between four Supreme Kais and Beerus?
Who would win in a fight, Raven or Darth Vader?
Why couldn’t Dr. Strange imprison Thanos within the time-looping strategy he used on Dormammu?
Why don’t powerful countries build "missile battleships"? They are building aircraft carriers instead, even they all work in the same way which is shooting the missiles to target the enemies.
Who would win in a fight, Finn The Human or Steven Universe?
Why did Brawn GP stop winning races after Turkey 2009?
What is the whole story behind the fight between LG Najeeb Jung and CM Arvind Kejriwal?
Who would win, Silverback Gorilla vs. Grizzly Bear?
In a war between the United States and Israel, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Electro and Mandarin?
Who could beat one punch man in a fight? ie, no reality warping.
Who would win in a battle between the Wakanda military and the US military?
Nightwing vs A Chimpanzee
Who would win in a fight, Orochimaru, Jiraiya or Tsunade?
Who'd win, T-rex vs. blue whale in an arm wrestling competition?
How many Ghost Riders does it take to defeat the Millennium Organization?
Who'd win, Avatar Korra Vs. Amon?
Who would win in a war between German countries and Roman countries?
Who would have the edge out of Hawkgirl vs Vixen, and why?
An armored silver-back gorilla with a sword riding a war elephant VS 30 15th Century Knights.
Could Mr. House in his New Vegas ending defeat the Enclave ?
Who will win in a fight between the Kingpin and Deathstroke?
Warfare: Who would win in a war between Turkey and Israel? Why?
How many Legendary Deathclaws can The Last Dragonborn take on at once?
Should World War III start, what countries will join and what will be the cause?
Who would win, The world's mammal population vs. the world's insect population?
Who would win out of Rommel meets Patton and Montgomery at Cannae, and why?
What are your predictions for the Champions League final on May 26, 2018 between Real Madrid and Liverpool?
Sniper Wolf vs Arkham Deadshot: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, a full powered perfect cell or Golden Frieza?
Who would be victorious out of The God Emperor of Mankind vs Emperor Palpatine, and why?
Who would win in Godzilla vs. Wolverine?
Who is the strongest character the incredibles can defeat.
Which one would win a battle between a mountain lion and a black bear?
Could Master Chief punch a T-rex to death?
Who would win, Goku vs Superman?
Who'd win, Death match pinkie pie and her friends vs deadpool and his xforce we need a conclusion to this epic battle?
Who would win in a fight between Black Panther and Captain America just in hand to hand combat?
Who would win a fight between the Balrog and Smaug?
You get your meal at a diner and notice that sitting around you are Toucan Sam, the Cookie Monster, a clown, a mime, a giant spider, a grizzly bear, a Boko Haram terrorist, and Charles Barkley. A brawl breaks out. Who would win?
Who would win, F-35A Lightning II vs an F-35A's cost in A-10 Warthogs?
Who would win in a fight between Shazam and the Flash?
Who would win this duel: World War II style air battle with modern fighter craft. Specifically, 100 F22-Raptor aircraft VS 100 MIG-29 aircraft meeting above some large city somewhere, doesn't matter?
Who would win, Marvel's Justice League vs DC's Avengers?
Ghost Rider decides its time to start getting rid of all the villains he can get his hands on. How many villains does he kill until one of them stops him in the Marvel universe? DC universe?
Who would win? 100 unarmed humans against one fully grown gorilla?
How come rummycircle.com is legal in India?
Who'd win, Goat vs Thor?
Who would win in a battle between Black Lightning, Static Shock and Electro?
What form of social structure would be optimal for reproduction?
Biden versus Trump in a fist fight, who would win?
Who would win, Solomon Grundy vs Grey Hulk?
If you were staging a military coup in the United States, what would be the most critical targets to seize in Washington?
Who would win in a fight, Master Roshi or Makarov?
What's the strongest thing that a Tardigrade, or "Water Bear", the size of a Grizzly Bear could beat?
Who would win between Lobo and Hyperion?
If a hypothetical war happen between South East Asia countries, who will win?
Who would win in a conventional war between Mexico, Panama, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and Peru?
What if there is a battle between Deadpool,Deathstroke & Deadshot? Who would win among the three?
Who would win this brawl: Princess Twilight Sparkle vs. Jedi Knight Leia Organa?
What if Stalin had attacked the West after Germany fell in 1945, what would have happened? Would the USSR have become more powerful?
Who would win, Frost vs Frieza?
What animal if any could beat a Megalodon?
Who'd win, Spider-Man, Falcon, Ant-Man, and Black Panther vs Loki and Ultron?
Who would win, Me vs /u/flutterguy123?
What would happen if, in modern day Syria, a time portal suddenly opens, the Nazi army at its peak starts an invasion, and fights brutally and mercilessly the US, ISIS, Turkey and Russia troops, sending the POWs to the death camps?
Who would win, Viere De Pazzi vs Lorenzo De Medici?
Which animal would win a fight between a lion and a bear?
Who would win: Hulk from the Marvel Cinematic Universe or Juggernaut from Deadpool 2?
Who would win this brawl: Celestial Star-Lord and Fully-Powered Thor vs. DCEU Superman and Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Hulk vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win this brawl: Bayonetta vs One Punch Man universe?
How would a cold war between France and Britain play out?
Mario vs Game Sonic: Who would come out on top?
Who'd win, Everyone I've been for Halloween vs. Everyone you've been for Halloween?
Arjuna might be the best Archer in Dwvapara yuga, but if there is a competition/ War between Arjuna and Lord Rama in Archery who will win?
Who would win in a fight, World Breaker Hulk or Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a war between the LTTE and Hamas?
Dale Gribble is standing in the exact center of the Sahara Desert. Who's the strongest character he can defeat using only Pocket Sand?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Imperium of Man vs UNSC in space combat, and why?
Who would win, Captain Marvel or Supergirl?
What if the USA had activated War Plan Red? Lets say it was 1932-36 whichever was more realistic. Lets also assume that it was caused by some crisis that flared up suddenly.
President free for all.
Who'd win, 14 ft long Gator vs 9 ft tall Grizzly Bear, both duking it out in 3ft deep water?
Who wins a man-to-man fight between Jean-Luc Picard and James Tiberius Kirk?
Who would win in a fight between Vision and Dr. Strange?
Who would win in a 6 way death battle Blue Marvel, Martian Manhunter , Superman, the Hulk, Sentry or Silver Surfer
Every elephant in the world has suddenly been superpowered, and decides to attack the human race. Can they eradicate all humans? What is the % of humans that remain?
Who would win in a duel between TLJ Luke and ROTS Sidious?
Because I missed these, let's have a character guessing thread!
Who would win this war: Snowflame vs A T-Rex on Cocaine, who can shoot lasers from his eyes?
Who would be victorious out of Ant vs Boot, and why?
F-22 Raptor vs Supermarine Spitfire: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Mystique vs Black Widow?
Out of all the heroes one can think of, which would come out on top in a boxing tournament?
Who wins in a fight, Plastic Man or Matter Eater Lad?
How can the fight between the AAP and the MCD be resolved?
Strongest character this thing i made up can beat...
Your favorite peak human runs a gauntlet
Who would win, Darth Vader vs Thanos?
Can 50,000 ants led by Julius Caesar defeat a rampaging pangolin?
Eren Jaegar versus the 16 Colossi: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, JoJo Battle: Josuke Higashikata vs. Koichi Hirose?
Who would win, One by one cereal mascots are being killed by a strange murderer, the only remaining ones are Sonny the Cuckoo bird, Lucky The Leprechaun, Buzz the Bee, Tony the Tiger, Trix Rabbit, Toucan Sam, and Captain Crunch. Which one would be able to stop the Cereal Killer?
Who would win this punch-up: Lyn vs. the Lord?
How do Indian muslims feel, when Islamic Terrorists blast bombs in India?
Who would win in a fight, Kyogre or Aquaman?
Who would win, Nick Dundee and Steve Irwin are Tasked to Catch Killer Croc?
Who would win in a fight, Piccolo or Knuckles?
Who would win, Hancock vs G-Girl?
The Third Annual ASOIAF/Game of Thrones Tourney: Semifinals
A ultimate alien race chooses you to save the earth from destruction, what would you choose with a high chance of winning?
If Vladimir Putin and Abdelaziz Bouteflika fought each other to death, who would win?
King Kong vs the Steak Puft Marshmallow Man
Who would win this punch-up: Batman VS Doctor Octopus?
The Generations of Ash Ketchum
Who would win, an adult male gorilla vs or the strongest man in the world with a metal bat?
Rancor vs Tyrannosaur: Who would have the best chance of winning?
The Music Meister's Musical Multiverse Matchup
Who would win in a war between Algeria and Mexico, if they were neighbors?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Luffy?
Cats against Humanity
Who will win in the fight between Superman and Captian America?
It's the Iron Age. You're leading an army of 10,000 poorly armed civilians against a much better equipped force of 2,000 seasoned soldiers. The enemy force is attacking, and are moving downhill while your militia is still entrenching. What do you do?
Who would win in a war between Turkey and Iran with no other participants?
At what point in Dragon Ball would Kid Goku be beaten 5/10 by Stevonnie? Stevonnie has Rose's Sword and Lion.
Daenerys Targaryen is no longer the Mother Of Dragons, but is instead The Avatar. Can she restore balance to Westeros? How does she do it?
Who could Dwight Shrute beat if all the feats he claims were true?
Who would win in a fight, a swordsman or a spearman?
Who would win, SSJ2 Future Trunks vs Super Saiyan 2 Goku?
What are the odds of winning the Hunger Games versus the odds of winning the lottery?
Who would win in a fight, Gon Freecss or Kid Naruto?
What if Robb Stark was able to convince Balon Greyjoy to join him in fighting the Lannisters?
The Flash Blindsides SSJ Blue Goku With Infinite Mass Punch - What's The Damage?
Why does everyone always say "If you're asking this question, you're missing the point of One Punch Man. You can't put him in versus battles because he's a joke character that always wins."? He doesn’t always win versus battles.
What martial art is considered best in short ranged combat fights between one against many?
Dave Strider in a rap battle against Cat in the Hat
Who would win, Navy SEALs Soldier vs. Roman Soldier?
Who'd win, Thor's God blast vs Goku's kamehameha?
Which U.S. President would make the best Pokémon trainer?
How close are we to war with North Korea?
Who would win.. Elsa from Frozen or Sub zero from Mortal Combat. Fight!
Nathan Fielder runs the prankster gauntlet with superheroes.
Who will win in a fight between Black Widow and Catwoman?
Who would win in a fight, Doctor Manhattan or Doctor Strange?
Who would win, 15 Tyrannosaurus Rexes vs. 10,0000 Kangaroos?
Beerus comes to your favorite character's home planet. So your favorite character joins hands with their 5 closest friends, can a super saiyan God level boost at least satisfy Beerus enough for him to leave their planet alone?
From the Shire which Marvel or DC character would be strong and accurate enough to to destroy the ring by putting it in their butt and pooping it out with enough force to launch it directly into Mount Doom?
Who would have the edge out of Static, Electro and Black lightning vs Human Torch, Sunfire and Fire, and why?
Who would win, Dr Who vs Batman?
Was there any fight between Che and Castro?
Who would win in a fight between Tobirama and Minato when they are in their prime?
All Doctors melee. Everyone known as Dr. _____ in a fight.
American Democrats have challenged Donald Trump to a Trial by Combat. Who are their champions for the battle?
Who would win in a fight - Darth Vader or The Flash?
Who is the most unrealistic superhero/villain that is still tried to justify with science?
How many wolves would it take to kill a chimpanzee?
If the moon was as big as the sun, and they fought with each other 'till the death, who would win?
Dr. Manhattan vs. Thanos, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a wrestler and boxer?
Who can Animal man beat?
If Bernie had won instead of Clinton, would the race for president be as close as it is right now and who would be winning?
High Street-level Hunger Games
If every Chinese dynasty that ever existed united and declared war on modern-day China, who would win?
Who would win a fight between the Juggernaut and Megatron From Transformers?
Would a highly-skilled martial artist be able to successfully engage an animal predator in a fight and win?
Who would win this brawl: The Justice League vs The Pride Troopers with Tournament of Power rules?
Who could the super team of Gandalf the Gray, Gandalf the White, Monty Python and the Holy Grail's Black Knight, Benito Mussolini, the Blue Meanie, Cowboy Curtis and Jambi the Genie,, Robo-cop, the Terminator, Captain Kirk and Darth Vader, Lo-pan and superman and every single power ranger defeat?
Got the idea from r/motivation. Who would win an army of sheep lead by a lion or an army of lions lead by a sheep?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and Spain?
Should Australia form a military alliance with China?
Who'd win, Aquaman vs Kisame?
Composite Link Vs. Dragonborn: Who would claim victory?
Participation Trophy for April 2018 Week 2
Who would win, Ash’s Pikachu and Sceptile vs. Mace Windu?
Could 12 Secret Service agents protect a blow-up sex doll from 6 Navy Seals in a crowded mall?
Who would win in a fight between Kimimaro and Itachi Uchiha?
What would happen if Communist China started a nuclear war with India and Taiwan?
Who would win this punch-up: Franky vs Genos?
Who would win in a fight, Broly or Juggernaut?
Who would win if everyone in the MCU fought each other to the death?
Who would win this fight: Polar bears, spotted hyenas, and Bengal tigers exchange habitats. Which would be able to dominate their new preys the most?
Who would win this duel: Go visit r/WhoWouldWin for similar discussions and content?
Bad Wolf vs The Marvel universe: Who would be the victor?
Who would win a fight, a blue whale or a Cat shark?
Who'd win, Iron man vs Master chief?
Who would win in a hostage situation where the attacker holds a knife to the victims throat/gun to the head ?
If nuclear war breaks out, how will NATO respond?
Who would win this match: Fire Lord Ozai vs Wrath?
When will the fight between Katy Perry and Taylor Swift end?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Hellboy vs Bigby Wolf, and why?
Who is the most powerful dog, coyote, hyena or wolf?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Zoom?
would the Winchester Brothers clear New Orleans of vampires?
Who'd win, Death Note vs Corrupt Police?
What if Alexander the Great's Greek Empire fought the Pre-punic War Roman Republic, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Romania's DNA and SRI?
Who would win in a fight between God and Mike Tyson?
What if Austria, Britain, and France did indeed go to war against Prussia and Russia in 1815? What would have been the result?
Who would win, Minato and Jiraiya or Naruto?
Who'd win, superman vs goku?
Who would win, Goku vs. the "Big Three"?
Who would win a fight between Drogon and Smaug?
Who would win this battle: Syria Vs North Korea?
Assuming that Romania, like Switzerland, could have accurately predicted in 1936 that another war would start in 1939, would it have been possible for Romania to end up on the winning side if stuck between the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany?
Roger the swole kangaroo versus Mike Tyson: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Doctor strange vs Dante?
Who would win in a fight between Madara and Goku?
How would a fight between Jackie Chan, Bruce Lee, Jet Li, and Chuck Norris turn out?
Who'd win, The MCU vs 20th Century Fox and Sony?
If Batman has beaten the entire Justice League, how does Superman stand a chance of defeating him?
Who would win, Batman vs Flash Jay Garrick?
Who would win in a fight, Master Chief or Ruby?
Who would likely win in a battle between a Silverback gorilla or a lion?
A herd of angry goats v. a group of super drunk junior high school football coaches.
Imagine Superman had Lead to a huge Justice League Film in the early 1980's. Who would play the rest of the League?
You are the commander of a town in 1943. An army of 10,000 battle hardened SS is invading in 10 hours. What will you do?
Who would win, Deadpool with ant man suit vs Deathstroke with atom suit?
Who would be the champion out of SuperBat vs. Lex LuThor, and why?
Who would win in a war between Genghis Khan and Augustus Caesar?
Who'd win, Rational Man who can swim like Mike Phelps vs. Bloodlusted Blue Whale?
Who would win, 300 US Marines vs 60000 Romans?
Which animal would raise a human best?
All the continents unify into 7 superstates and go to war who comes out on top in the Omniwar?
Who would win, a fully grown, hungry polar bear vs. a fully grown male liger?
Who would win out of The Bright Lord from Shadow of War vs Starkiller from The Force Unleashed, and why?
Can 20 Green Lantern Corp members defeat an army of Lemon Tree Men armed with yellow wooden baseball bats?
Super Power Hunger Games
Who would win in a war between USA and the Commonwealth in year 1984?
Who would win in a battle royale between the modern Disney villains?
Who do you think would win in a fight between Young Justice and Teen Titans? Why?
Who would win in a fight, Darkseid or Beerus?
Who would win in a fight between The Punisher and Crossbones?
All 9 Team Fortress 2 classes up against a zombie invasion
Who would win this fight: Wholesome off: Bob Ross vs Mr Rogers?
Armless Tiger Man without legs VS Sunfire without legs or powers: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a hand to hand combat fight between 1 Navy SEAL vs 1 Marine?
How did Japan being such a small country take over a big country like China?
Who would win in a war between Iran and Mexico, if they were neighbors?
Who would win, Vegeta or 1st Form Frieza?
Who would win in a fight to the death superman or batman?
Who would win out of Steven Hawking VS your average overweight walmart granny scooter user 100 yard dash, and why?
If doctor strange fought Thor and the Norse gods who would win?
Did the turtle win the race because he was smart and educated or wise and intelligent?
Who would win in a fight between Spider-Girl and X23?
Doctor Octopus vs. Porky Minch: Who would have the edge?
Who will win in the Norwich City versus Chelsea England FA Cup?
Who will win in a battle between Magneto and USS Enterprise starship?
Who would win this duel: Wonder Woman vs Superman vs Thor vs Goku?
The Fire Nation is in hot pursuit of the Avatar, but only because they actually want to cook his sky bison Appa. How far along into the Avatar timeline does Appa make it?
Who'd win, Starkiller Base vs. High Charity?
Who would win in a fight: half a million cats or a T-Rex?
Composite Werewolf vs Composite Vampire: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Rick James and Ric Flair?
Why did the British need go to the war alone in the Falkland War despite the claim that Argentina was the aggressor?
Who would win, Black Panther or a Xenomorph?
Have you ever been in a fight with another girl, or seen a fight with one? Normally girls hit and pinch on thighs and hands, like play-fighting?
Who would win in a battle between the two most venomous snakes in the world?
Who would be victorious out of A glacier VS a redwood tree, and why?
Redneck Doomsday, Filthy Frank and Bill Cipher vs Darkseid and Lex Luthor: Who would win?
If T-3000 and T-X fought against each other in a fight, who would win?
Who would win in a fight of a tiger, a lion, a crocodile, a Komodo dragon, and an anaconda?
Silver Surfer vs Wonder Woman: Who would have the best chance of winning?
can batman beat a starving enraged yoshi
5 million Uruk-Hai and 500 Balrogs versus 5 million zombies, 500,000 Xenomorphs, and Godzilla: Who would have the best chance of winning?
All For One vs Genos
How powerful is Ghost Rider?
John Marcone replaces Ned Stark as Hand of the King and Lord of Winterfell at the start of A Song of Ice and Fire: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Calvin and Hobbes are getting ready to face off against their evil babysitter. All of a sudden, someone new walks in...Megan Parker from Drake and Josh?
Who would be the victor out of 10 Timber Woves vs 10 Pit Bulls Bred and trained for Dog Fighting, and why?
Who would win this battle: Voldemort and Snape vs. Kakashi Hatake?
If the USA invaded Iran, how would Sunni Muslim majority countries react?
If you were Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto, how would you fight and win the Battle of Midway?
If the Soviet Union reunited with more states it conquered and then engaged war on the USA, what would it be?
Who would be victorious out of Po vs Bang, and why?
Who would win, Stinger from OnePunch-Man or Vampire from OnePunch-Man webcomic?
Who would win between a 220 pound commando vs a 175 pound pro MMA fighter in a street fight?
Who would win, Super Saiyan God Goku or Whis?
How can we defeat wahabism?
The Cold War Goes Hot
Who'd win, The Avengers Vs. Ben Tennyson?
Who would win a fight between Ronda Rousey and John Cena?
Most powerful ghost?
You have become the Ultimate counter. Who's the strongest that you can beat 10/10? Who would win?
Who would win a war between The Seven Kingdoms, All of The Free Cities and the Unsullied, and the Roman Empire at its peak?
Young Metro doesn't trust your favourite character. Can he/she survive?
Who would win this punch-up: Comic book tony stark vs. Gogeta?
Who would win out of The Predator vs Three Raptors, and why?
You have the powers of only the last character you killed. Who is the strongest character you can beat in the shortest amount of kills? Who would win?
Who would win this combat: Doom Guy vs Iron Man?
Who would win in a fight, Achilles or Deadpool?
Infinity War with unexpected allies
How did Turkey manage to win against the Allies in their war of independence?
You get the powers and abilities of whoever you beat. After 20 turns, how powerful can you become and who is the strongest character you can beat? Who would win?
A pack of dinosaurs appears in Sengoku Jidai
Who would win, A samurai with a Saab Gripen C vs a knight with a Block 52 F-16?
A civil war over blood types
Who'd win, Pack of wolves vs pack of raptors?
Who would win the battle of Kalaripayattu versus Gatka?
Who would win between Silver Surfer and Superboy-Prime?
Indominus Rex and some Raptors vs some MCU heroes and villains: Who would win?
Who would be victorious out of Zoro vs Atomic Samurai, and why?
Serena Williams vs. Tiger Woods in a fight
Who'd win, Edward Richtofen VS Gordon Freeman?
Which animal would win in a fight between a Bengal Tiger vs Gigantopithecus?
STAR WARS: Who is the weakest Original or Prequel trilogy era characters that could solo the universe circa the Force Awakens: Who would have the edge?
Who has the most powerful cumshot?
Who wins in a battle between Captain Atom and Goku?
The finale battle of Civil War is altered
Who wins in a Death Battle, Luke Cage or Tick?
Who'd win, Bull moose VS bull hippo?
Who would win in a fight between WWI Allied Powers and WWII Allied Powers?
Who would win between Angry MGTOW vs. Dexter in a basic debate?
Who Would Win the election to become the president of the world.
Who would win out of Jackie Chan holding a baby vs. Sgt. Ramirez when given a direct order by Cpt. Foley, and why?
Imagine a war between Zeus, Poseidon and Hades for the throne of Olympus, assume the Kraken is already killed by Perseus. Who would win?
Who would win, Wolverine vs. Dr. Octopus?
Who would win in a fight, Venom or Carnage?
Who is the strongest DBZ character that Wolverine could beat in a fight?
Gabriel "Sylar" Gray Vs Movie and TV Heroes: Who would win?
You injected with the Super Soldier serum and 1000 Polar Bears must defend Helms Deep against 1000 Uruk Hai. Are you and your army successful? Who would win?
german shepard versus an ostrich: Who would be victorious?
What are all the reasons why Professor Hulk vs Zeus was an unfair fight?
Who would win, Kefla vs Vegito?
Who would win out of North Korea vs Idaho, and why?
What should one know about the two world wars?
Who would be the winner out of crocodile VS sand-man, and why?
Can the Gorilla defeat the Beast Titan ?
Who would win, Gohan or Jiren?
The 4 most recent US Presidents play a game of Mario Party 2, who wins ?
Who is the weakest who could beat the Animal Crossing Mayor?
Who wins the battle between the most modern enterprise and the defiant or the fleet over Endor?
Who would win this brawl: Sauron the Deceiver, the Dark Lord of Mordor, the Dread Abomination vs Aku, Master of Masters, Deliverer of Darkness, Shogun of Sorrows?
Who'd win, Genji vs. Snake Eyes/Storm Shadow?
King Shark vs. Tiger Shark
Who would win a brawl between a military commando and a Professional MMA fighter?
Who would win in a fight between Juggernaut and Galactus?
Who would win, Batman from DCEU or Captain America from MCU?
Who would win this punch-up: Gorr the God Butcher vs Kratos?
Who would win between 20 velociraptors and open top tanks?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Danny Phantom?
Who would win in a fight between Muhammad Ali and Vitali Klitschko?
Who would win in a fight between Deathstroke and Prometheus?
How should India respond to the Uri attacks without engaging in direct conflict?
Your brain is transplanted in any animal of your choice, who do you beat
Who would win a mortal fight between an average man and a woman, if both are completely naked?
Which would win, a CR92A ship versus a Nebulon-B with a split front for additional firepower mounts?
Who could defeat the Black Panther in H2H combat?
Between Ichigo, Luffy, and Naruto Who Would Win?
Who'd win, 40 Hamsters with Human intelligence Vs A Wolf?
Who would win in a race, the Flash or Homer Simpson?
Who would win in a fight, Tien or Combustion Man?
Level 5 Espers vs Worm: Who would have the edge?
Who is the strongest person/group that Po and the Furious Five could defeat?
"Move to phase 2 if sanctions don't work." What does this mean? Is he really hinting military action against North Korea? I'm getting more and more scared.
How did Patrick's rock win the snail race?
ISIS versus the Italian Mafia, who would win?
In a mass knife fight to the death between every American president's wife, who would win and why?
Who wins, Daniel Cormier versus Volkan Oezdemir?
Who would win, a piranha or a deer?
Who would come out on top out of A wild boar vs its weight in badgers, and why?
Who'd win, The Crystal Gems vs Ash and his Kanto Starters?
Who win in a fight, Vemon or Goku?
Who would win, The Cat in The Hat vs Willy Wonka?
Who would come out on top out of Elektra vs Elektra, and why?
Who would win, a pit bull or a cheetah?
Who would win in a fight, Izuku Midoriya, Katsuki Bakugo, and Shoto Todoroki or Aang, Korra, and Roku?
If both tasked to assassinate the President of the United States who would succeed first, or at all? Mystique or a Faceless Man?
Who would win, Swamp Thing vs Man-Thing?
Who would win this combat: Turok vs. James Bond?
Who would win in a war between Indonesia and Pakistan?
Who'd win, Team Rainbow has to kill a single encamped Pilot , and vice versa?
Every US president is given baseball bat to fight each other in free for all battle
Who would win if the 2020 election was Bill Maher versus Larry the Cable Guy?
Who would win between a prime Floyd Mayweather and Mike Tyson?
Which ally can America rely on to provide a powerful military in case of a possible WW3 and why?
Who would claim victory out of A Parkour veteran vs a Big Cat, and why?
Every 20 steps you take, you will step in dog crap. And, every 30 seconds, a bird will poop on your arm. What steps and precautions would you take to ensure that as minimal shit gets on you?
Who would win this punch-up: 50 lions in armor vs a T-rex who shoots lasers out on it's mouth when it roars?
How many zombies does it take to kill the following wild animals?
Who would win in a fist fight between Will Smith and Jamie Foxx?
Who'd win, Gin vs Metal Bat?
Who would win this combat: Iron Man vs Broly?
What anime character would win in fight between Izuku Midoriya and Killua Zoldyck?
WhoWouldWin Court: the Case of Johnny Blaze Ghost Rider
Who would win in a fight between the Flash and Doomsday?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Princess Daisy vs. Inkling vs. Ridley, and why?
What would you do if World War started right now?
How is it conceivable that a nation would create and disseminate a biological agent that thousands of their best & brightest had been inoculated against to decimate the world populace to leave them on top?
Who would win, "Head of the Kouga Clan" Baba or Fearless Dungeon Monsters?
Who would win, Wolverine vs Black Widow?
Who would come out on top out of Batman VS every man, woman and child in Canada in a gauntlet of one on one, hand to hand combat, and why?
Who would win in a war between an army of Mongol-Chinese alliance or Mongol warriors versus an army of medieval European knights?
Who would win, Poe Dameron vs Fox McCloud?
Who can Ultimate Human beat?
Lightning Dust Vs. Trixie Lulamoon
You have to assassinate the leader of a first-world country, liberate a hostage from a heavily fortified city, and take over a destroyer. You have the Green Berets, Army Rangers, Navy SEALs, and the MARSOC. Which force would you use for each task?
Yondu and Thor after Infinity War vs the Chitauri invasion of New York: Who would be the winner?
How long is a break in a relationship after a fight?
In a fight between a goat and an emu, who would win?
If every world leader was put in a room and started fighting which one would win? And what if they had their other allied countries’ leaders with them?
Who would win in a fight, World Breaker Hulk or Pre-Crisis Superman?
Who would win this war: Escanor vs Acqua of the Back?
Who'd win, Bigby Wolf vs. Nosferatu Zodd?
What is the true risk of being killed in war?
Who would win a fight between Red Hulk and Ultron?
Composite Cheetah Runs a Speedster Gauntlet
Who would win, Ten Billion Polar Bears vs the United States?
Who would win in a free-for-all superhero fight?
Who would win between 10 Tiger tanks and 4,000 Bob Semple tanks?
If Turkey and Israel went to war with no nuclear weapons or allies, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a professional Muay Thai fighter and a professional boxer?
Who would win a battle between 100,000 Klingon Warriors and 100,000 Imperial Stormtroopers?
Do you believe preparations are being made for World War III?
Who would win, MCU Thanos or Beerus?
If you went back in time to 1960 and took an iPhone 7 to NASA, would it help them win the space race? Providing all the apps work, etc.
Who would win in a fight between Elektro and Dark Phoenix?
In a war between the LOTR universe and The Elder Scrolls universe, who would win?
Who would win in this super battle, all the heroes and villains from MCU or all the heroes and villains from every X-Men movie?
Who would win Venom Snake VS the winter soldier
Snoke vs Gandalf the White: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Batman vs Joker?
Quasimodo vs The Beast: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Captain America vs The two final raptors in Jurassic Park?
If South and North Korea go to war, what happens to Samsung?
Who would win out of Ahab says to hell with the white whale and decides he wants Aquaman's head. can he take it, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy or Mitsuki?
Who would win, Black Panther vs Captain America?
Who'd win, Po Ping vs Mater the Tow Truck?
Inspired by my trip to Yellowstone this summer: A fully-grown adult male American Bison vs a fully-grown Bull Elk.
What would happen to the I.S.S if a war broke out with Russian and the U.S.A?
Bruce Lee in his prime is given bending powers. Who is the strongest superhero he can defeat?
Who would win in a fight between Vision and Sebastian Shaw?
Who will win a fight between a tiger and a lion?
What non-human animal in the modern ocean, if anything, can defeat a fully grown bull sperm whale?
Who would win in a war between 1 million of our earliest ancestors and 1 million of our decendants from 2045?
Doomfist replaces Killmonger in Black Panther. Can he take Wakanda for himself?
Is your favorite character Manly enough to enter the Fiery Fist O' Pain ?
Who would win in a fight between the Hulk , the Hulk the Hulk and the Hulk?
Who would win, Saitama vs. either Majin Buu or Luffy?
So, Qarth has declared war against Dany. Who would win in a war between Qarth and Westeros?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: In a battle between Arthur Dayne, Barristan Selmy and Ser Duncan the Tall, who would win?
Who would win in a one-on-one fight between Worldbreaker Hulk and God Emperor Doom?
Tracer vs. Seal Team 6: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between Dumbledore and Avatar Aang?
Who wins a magic fight between Twilight Sparkle and Dr. Strange?
Should Lee have won the Battle of Gettysburg?
Who would win, Quin Jon or Mace Windu?
Who will win a battle between 100 navy seals and 100 Marcos on a neutral ground?
Who will win in a war between African Zulu soldiers and Roman soldiers?
Who would win in a fight - Sasuke Uchiha or Byakuya Kuchiki?
The Zerg land on IRL Earth, but must rely on DNA from Earth organisms. Can they take over the planet?
Dinosaur-size Penguin vs Emperor Penguin-size T-Rex: Who would win?
If a Utahraptor fought against a tiger, who would win?
Who would win, MCU Thanos full power as of 2016 vs shirtless Absorbing Man with black and white stripe pants and wrecking ball?
Who would win, A blind man and his deaf seeing eye dog vs A deaf man and his blind hearing ear dog?
Who would win this battle: Thor vs Karna?
Who would have the edge out of Gurren Lagann verse vs Warhammer 40K, and why?
Do you think Kasey Kahne will win a race driving the #95 car this year in NASCAR?
Talion vs The Night King: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, the Jungle Hunter Clan Predator vs the Black Panther?
Who would win in a war between all humans and all spiders the size of humans?
What is the result of combat in between Guru Dronacharya and Guru Parshurama?
Which would win in a battle between a dingo and a pitbull?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Harley Quinn, Joker , Deadpool, and The Riddler versus Ghost Rider and the Flash?
Was there any fight between bhishma and karna?
Kratos vs Thor: Who would win?
United States in 1939 was doing just fine, until the Fire Nation attacked
Given a sudden battle between Ironman and Batman, both with no prep time, who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Kylo Ren or Darth Caedus?
Who would win a fight between Deadpool and Darth Maul?
could Batman beat Saitama? .
Who would win in a battle between a human and neandertal?
You get 2 random pre-Part 6 stands. Can you beat both of their original masters at once? Who would win?
Who'd win, SEAL team vs Kim Jong-Un?
Who would win in a fight. Ra's Al Ghul or Vandal Savage?
How many NAVY Seals does it take to kill the Indominus rex?
In the current state of Marvel and DC movies, who would win in a battle, The Avengers or Justice League?
You vs Your dad at his peakm Who would win?
Who will win in a fight between Godzilla and Lord Nibbler?
Ego wins in GotG2... just as the events of Infinity War happen
Who will win in a war between Gallic Empire and Palmyrene Empire?
You are the leader of a small village somewhere in Gaul in 100 BC. Julius Caesar will invade in 50 years. Can you survive? Who would win?
If Garp really fought Akainu during Marineford, who would win?
Who would win out of Black Panther VS Black Suited Spider-Man, and why?
A Hulk the size of a flea vs a Hulk the size of a blue whale: Who would be victorious?
Have leftist/communist started packing their bags to move to Canada as Donald Trump is winning the presidential race?
Who would win, Team Rainbow vs Team Ghost?
If every single Neo-Nazi/white supremacist/alt-righter was put into a single, massive gladiatorial stadium, how long would it take for them to destroy each other?
Historical Batman Deathmatch
Who would win. The Power Puff Girls or The Hulk?
Weakest Character That Can Beat IDW Godzilla
What would have happened if an army of Japanese Samurais fought an army of Barbaic Huns led by Attilia the Hun? Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a raccoon and a Bristol fox?
If a cure for aging is found, would it be ethical for the pharmaceutical company that created it to limit availability and sell it to the highest bidders?
Who'd win, MMA fighters vs Navy SEALs?
Who would win, if a full-blown war broke out with Japan and India siding against China and Pakistan?
Spiderman vs Sanji: Who would have the best chance of winning?
How many experienced humans would it take to defeat a prime silverback gorilla?
Who'd win, Goku vs Thanos?
If there were a war between the Muggles and Wizards, what strategies can the Wizards use to win the war?
Batman takes on Superman for the epic Final Showdown across the entirety of Gotham City. Can he win?
If Alien X from Ben 10 was to fight all Avengers, who would win?
Who'd win, Vyvyan vs. Batman?
Who would win in a fight between a honey badger and a Komodo dragon?
Who would win a fight between Aragorn and Tulkas?
Who would win: Wolverine w/brass claws or Freddy Krueger w/nunchucks
What have you learned from sparring that you didn't learn elsewhere?
Who would win in a fight, Captain America or Sentry?
Who would win in a fight between silver surfer and Thor?
Who would have been the winner if there would have been the war between Ashoka and Akbar?
What if the largest aquatic apex predator of all time fought a superpod of killer whales?
Who would win, Confederacy + Seal Team Six vs. The Union?
Odio the Demon King vs your favourite street level team
Who wins in a total war of annihilation/extermination between the Locust of Gears of War and the Chimera of Resistance?
Who would win a war between North Korea and South Africa?
Who would win this combat: Alex Mercer vs. Carnage?
Who would win between Batman and Freddy Krueger?
Who would be the victor out of Goku vs Saitama, and why?
Who would win: an M1 Abrams or every single WWII tank, including prototypes?
If 15,000 Ninjas fought 15,000 Samurais, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Neo and Vader?
A certain number of Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson clones versus a gorilla: Who would be victorious?
Who is the strongest team that the Currency Of The United States can defeat?
Who would win in a fight between Melkor and a Titan god?
Who would win, Android 18 vs Monna?
Who would claim victory out of Crash Bandicoot vs. Ty the Tasmanian Tiger, and why?
An African Elephant runs a series of challenges, how far does it get?
If Stewie Griffin fought Dexter from Dexter's Laboratory, who will win?
Judge Dredd is deployed in the Star Wars Universe...
If there were a war between Sikh Army and Gurkha Army, who would win?
Punisher gets offered to be the next Captain America
Who would win in a fight between Archangel and Hawkman?
Princess Azula is about to be crowned the new Fire Lord when she is suddenly challenged to an Agni Kai. Her challenger: Avatar Korra.
Is WWIII close? If yes, who are the participants?
Who is the weakest character who could defeat Jason vorhees in combat?
Who would win, A humpback whale vs. the 50 eels living in his stomach?
Who would win this fight: Kratos vs Dante?
All ants on Earth decide to conquer the Earth. Can the Humans protect themselves, or do the ants win?
Villians of Spider-Man versus Villains of Batman: Who would claim victory?
What are some advantages of being muscular in a fight?
An average Canadian with a seal club vs a selkie
The Punisher vs Soldier 76, war torn vigilantes: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight, Charizard or Blastoise?
Who would win if insects/animals/dinosaurs were the same weight and fought each other?
Who would win in a battle between a next generation Kaiju Jaeger, like Gipsy Danger and a 40k Titan?
How would the next Asia-Pacific war look like? How will the conflict play out?
Who'd win, Jax from Mortal Kombat vs Blade?
What is Omnimon's kill count when he fights a legendary Pokemon ladder? Story included.
If France and Britain fought a war in 1939 without allied aid, who would win?
Who would win out of Uncle Iroh vs Captain America, and why?
Donald Trump Jr. has killed John Wick's Dog, can Donald Trump save his son?
4 Sand Snakes standing behind a Shirtless Ramsay Bolton with 20 Good Men
Your favorite historical character gets an iPhone stuck in Siri mode. How far do they get in conquering the world?
All Hoenn Pokemon Vs. 1 Billion Lions
Who would win this combat: Superman vs. Batman with Nokia 3310 armor?
Who would win this combat: Hank Hill vs Bob Belcher?
Who would win this war: Josuke Higashikata vs Metal Bat?
Who would be the winner out of T-Rex with appropriately sized arms Vs an armored elephant, and why?
If today's women's peloton where to race a complete 21 stage 3500 km grand tour who would be the favorite to win the GC?
Strongest Marvel character Vampire Hunter D could defeat
Who would come out on top out of Hunter vs. Link, and why?
Who would win in a fight, The Punisher vs Deadshot?
How many Gray Wolves would it take to take down a full grown African Bull Elephant?
Who'd win, Black Panther and Captain America vs. Beerus and Whis?
Without plot restrictions, who would really win in a fight, Hulk Vs. Hulk-buster
Who will win in a war between the five Nordic nations and the five central Asians nations?
Who would win in a fight, Starfire or Zelda?
Who would win in a boxing match Thanos or Superman
Who would win this fight: The 800 pound gorilla vs the Elephant in the Room?
Who is stronger, Igneel or Kurama?
You with a random super power vs Darksied Who would win?
Who would win an MMA tournament with no weight classes?
Who would win, Kakashi vs Might Guy?
Aku VS. The Batter: Who would be the winner?
What if nukes had been used in the Korean War against the Chinese hordes?
Who would win, Plastic Man vs. Gorilla Grodd?
Will a jaguar be able to kill a Nile crocodile in the water the same way they do in South America?
If Iran attacks Saudi, can Saudi defend itself?
What if you learned that you were a fictional character?
Who would win, Darkseid vs Anti-Monitor?
Who would win, Palm Siberia or Nobunaga Hazama?
If a samurai and a modern American soldier fought to the death, who would win?
Did Leonidas really fight with just 300 men in a battle?
Who is the weakest character who could out-sumo Santa?
Who'd win, Bearison Ford vs. Bruce Walrus?
Who will win the social commerce race: Google Offers or Groupon?
Composite Obama VS Composite Trump: Who would have the best chance of winning?
You after dropping an entire gallon of LSD with a fire axe versus You after doing an entire pound of cocaine with a spiked baseball bat. Who would win?
What would happen if the entire modern US military went back to 1800 and declared war on every other nation, would they win?
Who would win in a fight between Superman, Thanos, and Black Adam?
You are given your favorite characters powers, can you kill them? Who would win?
Who would win, Marvel Heroes vs Villains at getting elected President of the USA?
Who would win in a Barack Obama versus Donald trump debate?
Which modern animals with the size of a velociraptor can defeat it in a fight?
If the Fellowship of the Ring members fought, who would win?
The Roman Empire runs into the Soviet Union . How long do the Romans last?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between Terence Tao, Alexander Grothendieck, Paul Erdos, John von Neumann, Leonard Euler, and me?
Who would claim victory out of Batman vs a gauntlet of animals, and why?
If you fought your profile pic, who would win and why?
Who would win an all-out conventional war between Iran and the United States without nukes and outside interference?
Who would win if there is a fight between Albus Dumbledore and Superman?
How long would a small 12th century castle last in a zombie apocalypse?
If there were a war between the Muggles and Wizards, what strategies can the Muggles use to win the war?
Who is the strongest character Oogway could defeat?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Sauron?
The Avengers challenge Wonder Woman to match their greatest feats
Who would win this combat: Monkeys vs Monkey D. Luffy?
Who would win, Speed Equalized- Trafalgar Law VS Gaara of the Sand?
Who would win, DCTV Multiverse vs MCU Heroes?
Who would win in a fight between Night King and Ghost Rider?
Can Spider-Man beat The Flash in a fight?
Who will win in a war between the Ottoman Empire and Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth?
Who would win 100 roaches vs 25 mice?
How does Cersei hope to win by declaring war on House Tyrell?
If there was a war between India and Bangladesh who would win it?
Shaun the Sheep replaces Shaun in "Shaun of the Dead". Can Shaun the Sheep survive?
Who would win, Superman or Icon?
Deadpool runs a DCEU gauntlet
If Harry Potter characters fought the Hunger Games style, who would win?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs. Solomon Grundy?
Who would win, Supergirl or Wonder Woman?
5 guys with bats vs 6 guys with pocket knifes: Who would claim victory?
Could Danny Rand stop a punch from the Hulk with his Iron Fist? Could he break admantium with it?
Who would win in a fight between Starfire the Worldkiller Reign?
Who would win, Kiba vs Kiba?
How were Homo sapiens able to win against the Neanderthals?
Who would win in a war between Tuvalu and Rwanda?
Did Daniel Larusso start the fight against Johnny Lawrence?
Who'd win, Sammy Cacciatore vs. Charlie Kelly in the Roman Colosseum?
Who'd win, Stranger Things Demogorgon vs. Alien Xenomorph?
Is it better to ignore or cover up crimes committed by someone who is of a minority race or religion in order to avoid appearing or being labeled "racist" and win the PC badge of honor?
Please welcome your new WhoWouldWin moderators!
How many manatees would be necessary to kill an Orca Whale?
Curly is super strong from violin music. He faces prime Mike Tyson in a boxing match. Who wins?
Wonder Woman draws the Sword of Khaine.
Who would win in a fight, Punisher vs Deathstroke?
Hank , Sanford & Deimos vs The Beauty & The Beast Unit: Who would have the edge?
Who would be victorious out of Mike Tyson vs his pet tiger, and why?
Which superhero could you beat?
Who do you think will win in a combat between Khal Drogo vs Ned Stark?
Who would win out of Obobo vs Amama, two halfs of Obama fight to the death, and why?
What is the likelihood of WW3 happening in the next 20 years assuming relations don’t improve between the superpowers?
Who'd win, Link from Zelda vs. Ike from Fire Emblem?
Who'd win, Ellen Ripley vs Ash Williams?
Who would win this duel: Boros vs DCAU Superman?
What would be the outcome of Infinity War if The Doctor was there?
We've all seen the Goku vs superman debates but what about some weaker characters from the two universes?
Superheroes: Who would win in a fight between Batman and the Flash?
If India fought a war with Britain, who would win?
How many birds could I average person fight?
To Catch an Predator; Chris Hansen runs a Hunting Gauntlet
If Goku attained God Ki with the SSJ4 transformation would that make GT better or worse?
Rhino vs the Thing: Who would come out on top?
Hit versus Yujiro Hanma - Who wins?
Who would win in a battle between Percy Jackson vs Carter Kane?
Hippo's gain the hand to hand combat abilities of batman. Who can they beat
Who would win in a fight, All-Might or Naruto?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Illidan?
Who would win in a fight between Dormammu and Mephisto?
{standard bout} Steel plated T-Rex vs Sasquatch with a desert eagle
Who'd win, Sleepy John Estes VS Senor Pink?
Who would win, Clone Troopers or the UNSC?
How much pain do you experience in a fight?
Who would win in a fight of the Galactic Empire versus the GEO super-faction?
Would it be fair to say that Trump is winning the war against the media?
Is there anybody that can beat Dr.Manhattan?
Who would claim victory out of Poll - internet vs 1000 orphans, and why?
Kratos vs. Asura: Who would come out on top?
Who would come out on top out of Man vs Dog, and why?
Hypothetically, if Mahatma Gandhi, Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, Chatrapati Shivaji, Bhimrao Ambedkar and Sardar Patel fight for 2019 elections who would win?
Gaara vs Crocodile: Who would be victorious?
Who would be the champion out of Superman Versus Thor, and why?
You wake up in 1 year and find out all of the world is at war. With a Saudi-Iran War, Pakistan-India Nuclear War, Korea, France, UK, and the US invade North Korea. Russia invades non-NATO countries. How shocked would you be?
Archery: Who would win in a shootout between an Olympic gold winning shooter or a sniper from the army?
What is all out war?
Which F1 driver, of the current lot, would win the race if all were given identical cars?
Who would win, Batman, Daredevil, Captain America, Iron Fist, Shang Chi and Black Panther have a free for all?
Who would win in a war between a modern-day USA and a 1985-era Soviet Union without allies?
Who would win, Led Zeppelin or The Who?
Who would win between Trigon and Mr Mxyzptlk?
Batman with Captain Americas shield vs The Toronto Raptors: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who Would Win is seeking a new Tech Mod. Do you have what it takes?
What is the weakest animal that could beat Captain America?
Who'd win, Macho Man riding the sun vs. The Rock's head on the Muffin Man's body?
Strongest thing the silver sucker can defeat.
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Storm from Marvel? Why?
Who would win between post-Ragnarok Thor without the Stormbreaker and Hulk?
Who'd win, The Rock Vs. Barack Obama with a twist?
Did The Punisher ever best Kingpin in a fight? I remember reading about one fight they had and Kingpin just appeared to be godmoding i.e. ignoring hits that should register some pain.
Who'd win, Changes Coming to WWW - What stays, and what goes?
If Obi-Wan Kenobi fought Darth Talon, who would win?
Who would win, Marvel vs DC Villains {I DON'T KNOW HOW TO FLAIR PLEASE DON'T DELETE}?
A Hippopotamus vs a Polar Bear: Who would win?
Who would win, the Avengers or Darkseid?
It's 1948 and Russia have a new super soldier : her name is Elsa. To compete, the USA have put Victor Fries in charge of the "Freeze" program. Who wins this Cold War ?
Who would win, God Emporer Leto II vs. Sheev Palpatine?
Who would win in a fight, Natsu or Itachi?
Who would win in a fight, Natsu or Optimus Prime?
Who would win this war: Goku vs SUperman?
Who'd win, Grizzly bear vs. Bald Eagle?
Who would win, Spider-Man or Black Panther?
If Merlin fought Voldemort who would win?
Hypothetically, if your country were to have to fight against a coalition of Russia and China, what 4 countries would you want fighting by your side?
Who would win, Krillin vs Super Saiyan God?
Jaws vs Jaws: Who would be victorious?
Who would win a fight between Blue Marvel and Icon?
Who'd win, The reavers vs Sand people?
Who would claim victory out of Musth Bull African Elephant VS Female Tyrannosaurus Rex, and why?
You are cloned 5 times and each clone is given an Infinity Stone, and it's time to fight. Who would win?
Who would win this fight: Free For All: Colossus vs. Juggernaut vs. The Thing vs. Rhino?
Who would win in an all-out war between the resurgent Sith Empire and the Galactic Empire?
Could the strongest man on this planet win a fight against a mountain lion when facing eye to eye?
Who would win in a fight, 6 Predators or The Avengers?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Asgardian vs Hippo, Rhino, and Elephant, and why?
Who'd win, Elephant Vs. Whale?
Who would win in a war between 1 billion ancient Chinese soldiers and modern day Australia?
Strongest character/team a composite Kung Fu Panda character could beat?
Who would win this match: Blanket Death Tournament: A slightly-below average intelligence dog vs Stephen Hawking vs someone with a BAC of ~0.25 vs young Bruce Wayne after just watching his parents get killed vs silver-age green lantern vs Marvin?
Who would win in a fight, a gorilla vs Four Arms?
Who'd win, Batman vs. Batman?
If present day Germany remilitarised, given its population and economy, would it still have the capacity to invade and potentially conquer present day Russia?
Michael Jordan has to dunk on Thanos to save the universe. Can the Avengers help him do it?
The Crystal Gems in their current iteration VS a team made up of Finn, Jake, Marceline, Bubblegum, Rainicorn, Ice King, and Flame Princess: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Stan Lee or Jack Kirby?
Who would win, 1000 bloodlusted ants with the speedforce vs The Justice League?
White Tiger Mighty Morphing Power Ranger gets blood lusted. Who's the strongest he can face before being stopped?
Who would win in a fight, General Grievous or Darth Sidious?
King Kong vs 2 Trexes and Spinosaurus
Why do people think WWIII is approaching?
James Bond can gain the powers of anyone he has sex with. He is dropped into the Marvel universe. How long does it take until he can at least 5/10 Thanos?
Who would win, Random Super Powers vs Goku?
Who's the strongest character that the Cave of Wonders could beat in a fight?
Guts, Sonic, Web Warriors, and Star Fox VS The Underworld army, Skynet, and Star Wolf: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight, Obi-Wan or the high ground?
Who would win in a fight, Bowser or Donkey Kong?
Who'd win, Superman vs Goku?
Who would win a war between India and North Korea?
Who would win, Gabriel Belmont vs. Dante?
What impact did the breaking of the Enigma code have on German submarine warfare in the Atlantic?
Who would be the winner out of America VS Russia, and why?
Who would win in a fight between One Above All and The Presence?
Who would be the victor out of A man controlled by an esports pro VS a normal man VS a man who has spent 24 hours studying military tactics, VS a roomba with a gun attached to it's back, and why?
Who would win, Cyttorak and Shuma Gorath vs Galactus and Odin?
Who would win in a fight between a black panther and a hyena?
If Hinata is strong, why can't she win a fight battle?
What is the likelihood that either side would use tactical nuclear weapons on the battlefield in a war between North Korea and the US?
A gorilla vs an african elephant: Who would have the edge?
You have to kill your way though a large retail store filled with zombies-- what weapon do you use? Who would win?
Featuring: The Guardians of the Galaxy
Who would win in a war between Yugoslavia and Eritrea?
The Flash gets a new partner, Julian is replaced by Edward Nygma .
How would Scion fare in the DBA Tournament of Power?
If your country would be a part of WW3, would you help your country or flee?
Who would win: Karna or Balram?
Who would win in a fight: Kingsman's Harry Hart aka Galahad vs. James Bond aka 007?
Who would be the victor out of Bilbo Baggins returns to the Shire, not with the Ring, but 10,000 M16 Rifles, 5 M1 Abrahm Tanks, and 20 US military personnel in training roles. Can the Shire become a world power and conquer all of Middle Earth, and why?
In a war between the Borg or the Galactic Empire, who would ultimately be the victor?
Witch-king of Angmar on his Fell Beast vs F22 Raptor: Who would win?
If the Roman Empire’s army at its height fought the Roman Republic’s army at its height in a war, who would win?
Who would win a fight between, Izuku Midoriya or Kid Goku?
Who would win, 100 stormtroops vs 100 Helen Kellers?
Will America attack North Korea, or will we attack only if they attack the US or its allies first?
Who would lose in a fight between Star Wars Stormtroopers and red shirt Star Trek guys?
If New Zealand and the US went to war today, with no allies involved, who would win?
Who would win in a war between USA vs Egypt, South Africa, Algeria, Nigeria, Ethiopia and UK as allies.
Batman and Deathstroke vs. Black Panther and Wolverine: Who would come out on top?
Burmese pythons versus alligators in the Florida Everglades? --who is winning?
Kylo Ren vs Prince Zuko: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Is there any fighting sport where the only way to win is by K.O. or by being the last man standing with no judge deciding the winner?
Who would win in a fight between a Thekelpie and a Vampire?
Who would win, Smaug or Alduin?
The Joker vs Lex Luthor, who would be a better President of the USA: Who would claim victory?
Who would win a war between the Mongols and the U.S military?
Who would win, Wonder Woman vs. A few DBZ powerhouses?
Who would have the edge out of Michael, Franklin, Trevor, and Lester vs Hoxton, Chains, Dallas, Wolf, and Bain, and why?
What would happen to programmers if a world war broke out?
Best of 2017 Nominations Thread
Could the USA have won WWII by itself?
Who would win this combat: World War II: The British Empire Joins the Axis and the Japanese Empire Becomes an Ally?
Who'd win, Clifford The Big Red Dog vs All 101 Dalmatians?
If Ultra Necrozma and Mega Rayquaza had a full-power battle, who suppose to win?
Can a jaguar kill a lion?
What was the military strategy of the Union in the American Civil War?
Who would win outside a MMA ring or octagon, a MMA fighter, or a Aikido Sensei?
Who would win, 500-year life-span Einstein, Elon Musk, and Stephen Hawking have 500 years starting today to prepare Earth for the Death Star?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Man of Steel vs CW Arrow, and why?
Who could my school's Christmas Pageant cast beat?
Who would win this war: 50 regular size velociraptors vs 10 T rex sized velociraptors vs 5 Indominus Rexs?
Could an unarmed peak human conceivably kill an adult male Siberian tiger HtH?
Who would win in a fight between Spider-Man and Thor?
Of the three movie versions of Spider-Man, who would win in a fight?
Who would win, Grizzly Bear or Silverback Gorilla?
Who would be the winner out of GoD Toppo vs LSSJ Broly in a bodybuilding match, and why?
Bollywoodman runs a ladder
Who would win in a battle between the two groups, Darth Sidious, Darth Tyranus, Darth Vader, General Grievous, and Darth Maul and the Jedi Council in Revenge of the Sith?
King Shark vs. Grey Hulk in the middle of the ocean.
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 8/30/2015
Who would win out of Governments and Corporations: Race to Titan, and why?
Who would win, a tribe of Ewoks versus some of the greatest clone troopers the Empire has serving as Vader's own personal army?
Who would win fight between Juggernaut and Satan?
Who is your bet if a fight between Anthony Joshua and Deontay Wilder is going to happen?
How much money does the winner of the reno unlimited air races win?
Who would win in a fight, Nightwing or Spider-Man?
Who'd win, Xena, Warrior Princess vs. Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a war between Europe and rest of the world?
Who would be the champion out of MacGyver and Flex Seal vs Titanic, and why?
Weakest character who could tank the Elephant's Foot
Who would win this combat: Yoda vs Gallade?
Who'd win, martial arts versus an angry tiger?
Who would win between Goku and The whole MCU characters?
Who would win in a fight between Bronn and Oberyn?
Who would be the champion out of Rorschach vs. Deadpool, and why?
How many penguins would it take to kill a rhino?
If the United States fought Germany today, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Ghost Rider and Jason Voorhees?
Who would win in a fight Batman or Black Widow?
Talion vs. Corvo Attano: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a war between the US army against all the kingdoms in "Game of Thrones"?
Who would win in a battle between the top 5 transformers and top 5 jagers all from the movies?
Who'd win, Human vs Lone Wolf?
Hypothetical Fight: who would win in Lion/tiger vs Chimp/gorilla battle? Explain?
Who do you think would win in a Fortnite game, Ninja or me?
Who would possibly win most battle between female IDF elite soilders and Indian soilders?
Why according to Pakistanis did Pakistan lose the 1971 war?
Who would win in a fight to the death? Doctor Strange, Ghost Rider , or Vision?
Continental Smashdown: in which animals are overcome with nationalistic fervour
Who would win, Steppenwolf or the Hulk?
Who would be the winner out of Thor vs Wonder Woman and/or AquaMan, and why?
Which would you prefer, an army of Almogavars from Catalan or Berserkers from Norway? Why?
Who would win in a hand to hand fight between Data and the Terminator?
Forgetting nukes, who would win in a war, the US or a weird coalition of China, Russia and the UK?
Who would win in a fight between Ant-Man and Juggernaut?
How many Bloodfen Raptors would it take to kill the Toronto Raptors ?
Who would win among Thanos, Darkseid and Lrrr in a chair and couch match?
Who would win in a total war, Muggles or Wizards?
Ben 10 can transform into Roster of Smash Bros instead of his original aliens...
Who'd win, Saitama vs Gilgamesh?
Why is Ferrari having such a hard time winning even a single race in F1?
Who'd win, Donald Trump and Mike Pence Vs. Barrack Obama and Joe Biden?
Who would win in a war between the full cast of Overwatch and the US military?
Who'd win, The entire MCU vs Thanos?
Who would win, Lou Ferrigno Hulk vs. MCU Daredevil?
Having a Television Character Battle in /r/WhoWouldWinInAFight
Psylocke vs Selene: Who would have the best chance of winning?
In a battle between a hyena and an ape with the same size, who wins?
Who would win, a Pliosaourus Funkei or a bull shark at equal size?
Who would win in a fight, Master Chief or General Grievous?
Who'd win, Dr. Steve Brule vs CatDog but Dog is dead, so Cat just has to drag around his dead half?
Swarm of giant hornets vs swarm of army ants vs swarm of social spiders: Who would win?
Who would win, Madara or Acnologia?
In a race of one kilometer, A gives B a start of 100 meters and still wins by 20 seconds. But if A gives B a start of 25 seconds, B wins by 50 meters. What is the time taken by A to run one kilometer?
What is the weakest character that could beat this album gauntlet?
Who would win this battle: God's Angels Vs. Pantheon Gods?
Legolas vs Link: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a battle between Gilgamesh and Karna?
If there were a war between the United States of America and Andorra, who would win?
Professor X v. The Scarecrow
Who would win in a fight, Jedi Dooku or Sith Dooku?
Who would win this brawl: Ant-Man, Aquaman, Falcon, and Squirrel Girl summon their animal allies and order them to wreck as much of the US as they can. Whose minions do the most damage?
Who would win in a free-for-all between masters of the seven lightsaber combat forms?
Who would win in an intellectual battle between, Riddler and Lucius Fox vs Doctor Morgan Yu and January?
Your Reddit karma is now your power level, how far in Dragon Ball do you get?
Who would be victorious out of 5 Grizzly bears and 5 Polar bears vs. a T-Rex, and why?
Who would win out of The T-Rex from Jurassic Park vs the Rancor from Return Of The Jedi, and why?
Who would win out of Shredder vs Captain America and Bucky Barnes, and why?
Who would claim victory out of Bat-Mech Battle: Justice Buster vs. the Hellbat, and why?
If there is a fight between Dumbledore and Bellatrix, who will win?
The Second Emu War...
Who would win this war: Moose vs. Rhino?
Who does Matthew Gagnon think might win the POTUS race if it were between Sanders and Trump?
Who would be the champion out of The Hulk vs. The Goat, and why?
Who will win, Real Madrid or PSG?
Who would win a war between Russia and their allies, and United States and their allies, if every country was stripped of nuclear weapons?
If an armed soldier today encountered a T-Rex, who would win the fight?
How would the human body change if gravity were increased by 15%?
Who would win in a fight with all of their resources at their disposal and one year of prep time, Black Panther or Batman?
Who would win in a war between Somalia and Indonesia?
Who would be the winner out of Slaughterhouse Nine All-Stars vs. Akatsuki, and why?
Who'd win, Kai vs Venom?
In a fight between your mom and your wife, whom will you support?
You are the new DBZ God of Destruction, and your combined Karma is now your power level, how far do you climb this ladder? Who would win?
Who would win if The Lich King and Sauron fought?
Are we in the build up for WW3?
Could Master UI Goku fused with the Vegeta SSBE beat Lord Zeno?
Who would win, Superman vs his own brain?
Who would be the champion out of Grizzly Bear vs. Silverback Gorilla, and why?
Could Wonder Woman's sword cut Thanos' skin?
Who would win, DC vs Marvel at Football?
If there was a fight between all the resources of S.H.I.E.L.D. and ARGUS, who would win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of JoJo Villain Swap! Duwang Gang vs DIO, and Stardust Crusaders vs Yoshikage Kira, and why?
Who'd win, A man with octopus tentacles for arms VS A man with leg-sized steel springs for legs?
How would a war between Russia and the United Kingdom play out if it was declared early 2019?
Who would win, Batman Vs. BearShark?
Batman versus Jason Voorhees, who wins?
If Alucard and Goku fought each other, who would win?
Who'd win, Iron Fist vs Doctor Octopus?
Give your favorite colorful real world person a Lantern ring. Who is the strongest?
Who would win in a fight between John McClaine from Die Hard versus Anton Chigurh from No Country for Old Men?
Who would win out of Iron Man vs the MCU, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Shanks or Big Mom?
Can Naruto beat Goku?
Who'd win, Arya Stark gets trained by Slade and Shadow instead of the faceless man how does it go?
An enraged chimpanzee vs. Vern Troyer with a baseball bat
Who would win in a war between Australia and the United States of America?
Who would win a fight between an octopus and a human underwater with full scuba gear?
Who would be the champion out of Rap battle between Nas and Eminem, and why?
Strongest big cat?
Who would win, Todo vs Killua Zoldyck?
Who would win between Vision and Hulk?
Who would be the victor out of Uncanny X-Force vs The Sinister Six, and why?
Who would win a battle between a Pit Bull and an Akita?
Darth Vader vs Pennywise, who would win?
What will be the impacts on the global economy if the US goes to war with North Korea?
Who would win this duel: One adult of average American physique vs one adult male Honey Badger?
As their last action before Trump becomes the president, all the members in Congress are given nunchucks and a 1 minute grace period. After that, it's a full-blown melee between the Democrat and Republican members of Congress. Who would win?
What if Donald Trump and Barack Obama had a fist fight? Who would win?
If Russia ordered all of its 63 nuclear submarines to go close to the UK and fire all at once, the UK would be destroyed. Would NATO risk WWIII, or would they back off?
How many panda bears would it take to defeat a polar bear?
Who would be the victor out of Olimar w/ 1000 pikmin VS Antman w/ 1000 Black Ants, and why?
Who would have the edge out of A kangaroo vs an ostrich, and why?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The Scout Regiment vs The Colossi, and why?
How fast is a fully grown gorilla compared to a human sprinter?
Who would win this fight: The Hulk is transported to the Warhammer 40k universe and the Orks welcome him as a god?
Who would win with months of preparation, Batman or Iron Man?
Who would win in a war between Reddit and Facebook?
Who would win this fight: Ultimate Goblin vs Titan Joker?
Who would win in a fight between a Xenomorph and a powerful vampire?
Grey Wolf Vs Spotted Hyena: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this combat: Kenshiro vs Ip Man?
Tournament of Power is set to begin in 3 days, and each Universe is given time to find their fighters. What is the weakest 10 man squad from the Marvel Universe that would be capable of taking the tournament: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, King of Tears vs Lady Blaze/Lord Satannus?
Every North Korea military personnel can use ZA WARUDO! Can they take over the world with The World?
Loki sends Hulk to 'sun-dip' in the punch dimension for an hour while reliving his worst memories, then drops him off in Asgard. How far does he get?
Who would win in a war between the United Federation of Planets vs Maud'dib's Empire?
Why was the Eastern Roman Empire never able to take back the territory to its west after the Western Roman Empire fell?
Who would win in a war between France and Germany?
Who will win in a battle between Lara Croft and Nathan Drake?
Who would win, Severus Snape vs. Ahsoka Tano?
Who would win in a war between China and India-Russia alliance?
Who would win in a war between China and Canada? Why?
Can lifting weights make you hit harder in a fight?
Human Torch vs. Sakazuki: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Rick Sanchez, The Doctor, Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark's consciences inhabit the empty the brain of Superman. Who is the strongest person they could beat?
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Animo or Reverse-Flash?
Who would win in a fight, Lugia or Reshiram?
If a civil war broke out between the four major states , who would win?
Why do we favor lions instead of hyenas in their fight while both are just predatory animals? Any psychological reasons for that?
In a battle between the Chinese People's Liberation Army vs. the CCCP Red Army, 1968, with no allies on either side, who would win?
Who would win in a war between Bangladesh and Sri Lanka?
Hello Kiddies Handsome Jack here coming to challenge all you wanna be heroes to beat my Vault hunters
Who would win a hypothetical boxing match between Joe Frazier and Mike Tyson at their respective prime?
Who would win out of Gilgamesh vs. Arcueid Brunestud, and why?
Horse Racing: With I'll have another scratched, who will win the Belmont?
Who would win in a fight, a U.S. Navy SEAL or a U.S. Army Ranger?
Who would be the winner out of Homer Simpson at the height of his boxing career, off his face on heroin armed with a .50 cal pistol VS "The Noid" armed with a fully automatic assault rifle, and why?
If a war broke out between India and China now, who would win the war, and what would be the scenario after the war?
Could One Punch Man break Captain America's Shield?
Superhero Fantasy Football
Who'd win, 200 trained soldiers vs 1000 random people off the street?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Sailor Jupiter?
Who would win, E. Honda vs Son Goku?
Thanos VS The Monad: Who would be the champion?
Who would would in a fight between Azari and Francis Barton?
What would a fight between two jedi be like in reality?
Who would come out on top out of The X-Men decide that Magneto was right and they should exterminate all normal humans on Earth. Can they do it, and why?
A battle until the end between usernames. Who would win?
Can Vision defeat the Hulk?
Who would be victorious out of Hexxus versus Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy, and why?
Who would win, Ginyu in Tagoma's body or Gohan MSSJ Mystic-ish?
Who would win in a war between Vietnam and Costa Rica?
Who will win in a fight between the original Justice League members and the X-Men villain Juggernaut?
Who would win, Jar Jar Binks vs. Pre-Serum Steve Rogers - both bloodlusted?
Who would win in a fight, Spike Spiegel or Revy?
A redneck with a shotgun and a bulldog vs a crazy cat lady with a pepper spray and 30 cats: Who would win?
If there is a war between India and Pakistan, which country's army is better equipped & trained to win the war?
Who would win this brawl: Iron Fist vs Deathstroke?
Who would win, Kratos vs. Jackie Estacado/The Darkness?
Who would win in a fight between Agent Smith and Lord Voldemort?
Who would win this fight: Encyclopedia Dramatica VS The Onion?
Could any member of the Imperial Guard defeat a Space Marine in single combat?
Who would win this match: human on pcp vs chimp?
Who would win this punch-up: Simba vs Shere Khan?
Who'd win, The Black Panther Jet vs the Avengers Quinjet vs the Guardian's M-Ship?
What's the strongest character a Warframe Tenno can defeat?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and Sephiroth?
How good were the optics on the Tiger, Panther, and Tiger II tanks?
In an all-out war between Vorlons and Shadows, who is likely to win?
If you take Kratos and Dante, and strip them of all their weapons and magic items, who would win in a fist fight?
Who would win, Dragon Ken vs Shin Akuma?
Who is the strongest opponent that Crypto can defeat?
Three Characters Try To Perform Giga Slave
Who's the most powerful character a bloodlusted Willy Wonka with a month of prep could defeat?
Who would win, Spyro the Dragon versus Natsu Dragneel?
Why does Russia have 3 different attack helicopters: the Mi-24/35, the Mi-28, and the Ka-52? Do they all perform different tasks?
Who will win a war between Greece and Turkey if 3rd countries are not involved?
If there was a battle between the heart and mind about someone, who will win?
You are unemployed with only two job offers. One is from Mr. Krabs and the other is from Tom Nook . Who would win you over?
Who would win in a fight, Boruto or Toph?
Batman vs. Superman, with a twist: Who would have the best chance of winning?
2000 Iraq vs Modern day North Korea: Who would be the victor?
The covenant decide to invade our planet, but discover that any amount of liquid water will kill them on impact to their armor/skin. Earth has 1 year to prepare. Can Earth hold off the covenant?
Who would win if Mulan tried to assassinate Elsa?
Who would win in a fight between Flash and the Powerpuff Girls?
How Many Godzilla-Sized Humans would it take to kill Godzilla?
Who would win this punch-up: Us army vs historical armies?
Who would win this battle: The N-Men versus The International Justice League of Super Acquaintances?
In a hypothetical war between Mahabharata Maharathis and Greek mythology warriors, who would win?
Who would win a fight between a silverback gorilla and a swordsman?
Who's stronger, Spider-Man or Superman? Who would win if fought hand-to-hand combat?
Who would win in a battle royale between the classic Disney villains?
Who would win in a fight, Spider-Man or The Joker?
Who would win if Euron Greyjoy and Ramsay Snow’s armies fought for control of the North?
Who would claim victory out of 5 minutes from now, a bloodlusted Jurassic Park velociraptor will spawn 10 feet away from you and hunt you down. If you kill it, 2 more will take its place. do you survive for 24 hours, and why?
Who would win, Kratos or Kratos?
Interoceanic Animal Deathmatch
Who would win out of Thor vs Goku, and why?
Who would win out of Generic Firebender VS T.Rex, and why?
Who would win, Carnage Trevor versus Cyborg Obama?
Who would win, Deadpool vs. Deathstroke except their knives, katanas, swords, etc. are replaced with pool noodles and their firearms are replaced by water guns?
Who would win, Octodad vs. Goat?
Who would win, Amazo vs Darkseid?
Who would win out of V vs. the Three Kims, and why?
Who'd win, Man armed with a trident and net vs a Army ant the size of a cow?
Who would win in a battle between Po from Kung Fu Panda and Amaterasu from Okami?
Who would win unexpectedly in fights between animals of different species?
How did American companies e.g. Coca Cola operate in Nazi Germany during WW2?
Who would win in a fight between a snow leopard and a baboon?
Who would win, Steven Universe or Darth Vader?
Who would win between a Triceratops and an equivalently sized male Rhino beetle?
Which would win between a giant squid and a giant octopus?
Who would win in a fight, every employee at Ubisoft or every employee at Bethesda?
In a three way battle between 100 biologists, 100 physicists and 100 chemists, who would win?
Who would win this war: Bear vs. Bull?
Who could teach Father Dougal McGuire the difference between small cows and far away cows?
Who would win, Bane and Kanjar vs Wonder Woman and Superman?
Who would win, Wolverine vs Mongoose vs Honey Badger?
Can 10 kukri-armed Gurkhas defeat 100 enraged gorillas?
Who would win this match: The Fire Nation Vs. WWII era Japan?
Who'd win, Mr. Bean vs. North Korea?
Who would win this war: Cloud Strife vs Ryu Hayabusa?
Who would win in a fight between Black Panther and Groot?
What year did the Mexicans win the war between France?
Who'd win, Knight in Shining armor vs a Tiger?
Who would win in a non-nuclear war between Mexico and the United States and why?
Rational Gorilla With A Shotgun versus a fully grown Silverback man: Who would win?
Which is the best Martial Art ?
Goku Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan Kai-O-Ken Times Unlimited with unlimited Senzu beans versus The entire race of Beyonders in Marvel-Who wins?
Captain America & Storm vs the Flash & Magneto: Who would have the edge?
Who would win this duel: The Monty python rendition of King Arthur is sent into a timeloop during the American Revolutionary war. If he does not become president by the year 2000, he gets sent back to the beginning. How many iterations does he take to succeed, and which election does he take?
How long can Batman fight bears?
A kangaroo-sized rabbit vs a rabbit-sized kangaroo: Who would win?
Street Sharks vs Biker Mice from Mars: Who would be the champion?
All animals on earth gain human intelligence, who comes out on top in a Battle Royale?
How did the Americans win the Battle of Midway? Was it because of technological superiority or intelligence superiority?
Conan runs the 40K close quarters combat Guantlet
Who would win in Team 7 vs Aizawa?
Who wins the war if it is fought for the Kashmir Valley between India, Pakistan and China?
Who'd win, Bigby Wolf vs Jacob Black?
Who'd win, Cloak & Dagger vs Iron Fist & Dardevil?
Why was the Korean War so different from the Vietnam War?
Wonder Woman vs Ghost Rider:Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Aquaman and Namor?
How can I fight a taller opponent?
Who'd win, John Constantine vs. Bruce Wayne, roommates?
King K. Rool vs Muhammad Ali in a boxing match
Who would win in an arm wrestle: Superman or the Siberian?
Who would win in a battle between a KV-1 and a T34?
The United States decides to ignore all existing treaties and start a war of conquest. How much of the world could they conquer before being stopped: Who would be victorious?
The Bat family vs. Blue Team: Who would claim victory?
Who would win if all the Avengers fought?
If a new civil war were to erupt, with the same states and territories on the same sides, would any foreign countries aid one side or the other?
Strongest land animal
Who would win out of The Elite Four vs. 6 Navy Seals, and why?
Who would win, Ra's al Ghul vs Red Hood?
MCU Battle of Wakanda
Which would win in an all out war between DC's Atlantis and Marvel's Atlantis, assuming no allies are called in?
Who wins in a fight between an empath and a psychopath?
How would Bhutan be if World War 3 starts?
Who'd win, Black Cat vs. Cat Woman?
If there were a war between Sweden and South Korea, who would win?
Who would win, Barrack and the Rock vs Putin, Trump, Jared Kushner, Mitch McConnell and Ted Cruz?
Could Napoleon III have avoided a war with Prussia or made sure the war's timing was advantageous for France?
How will the next India-Pakistan war look like?
Who would win in a fight, King Kong or Batman?
What are the ways to resolve a fight between my mom and my wife?
Who would win this duel: Rhino vs Venom?
Who would win a war between Asia and China? Why?
What are other organizations like Swing Left that are working across multiple races to win the U.S. House of Representatives for Democrats in 2018?
Who would win if the 7 Kingdoms fought the Free Cities, assuming both were united?
Who would win, The Silver Samurai vs the Black Knight?
Who would win in a fight: Teddy Roosevelt or Pancho Villa?
Who would win this combat: Skulduggery Pleasant Vampires vs Other Bloodsuckers?
Earth, Fire, Air, Water
Which would win, Acclamator Assault Ship versus MC40a Light Cruiser?
Meruem runs a S Class Hero Gauntlet.
Who'd win, Superman with the brain of Batman, and one weeks prep time. Who can take him down?
Which side would win in a battle between the Parthian Army and the Sassanian Army?
Crocodile vrs. Alligator
How many humans would it take to kill a polar bear?
Indominus Rex vs Stitch: Who would claim victory?
Let's say United States and North Korea joined forces, could any country combined with China defeat them?
Who'd win, Green Arrow and Black Canary vs Daredevil and Elektra?
What is the difference in design between gun boats and ships intended for sea combat?
If 13 Well Known YouTubers fought to the death, hunger games style, who would win?
Unharmed humans vs...
Who would win this war: Squidward and Carl switch neighbors?
Who is the highest tier character Jason Voorhees could beat in a fight?
In a battle between Greek God Hermes and Norse God Thor, who would win?
What is the possiblity of a war between Russia and USA if Clinton wins the US Election?
Who would win this battle: Iron Man and Batman switch places?
Who would win, Nuktuk hero of the south vs Wang Fire?
Who would win a war between Norway and Sweden?
Who would win in quarter mile race between a 3.0 l turbocharged diesel and a 3.0 l NA gasoline of the same car that produce around the same HP?
Who'd win, A bear on steroids vs a hippo?
Weakest character that can cross a river full of piranhas?
Who would win in a fight between a ninja, samurai and an MMA fighter?
Who would be the victor out of A team of U.S. Army rangers with a vehicle vs. The army of mordor, and why?
Which eating utensil is the best in a fight?
Who would win in a fight between the two monsters in this image?
What are some similarities and differences between beauty pageants and combat sports?
Who would win in a battle between Anakin Skywalker vs Darth Sidious?
Which would win in a fight to the death: a house cat with human intelligence, or a recently blinded human being?
Who would win, Gigantomachia vs Beefcake?
Who would win, Sonic and his friends or the Decepticons?
Who would win in a debate between Elizabeth Warren and Donald Trump?
What will be the most realistic cause of an eventual WW3 in your opinion?
Where does the best human fighter rank in a fight between the world's most dangerous animals?
In a fight between Moon Knight and Taskmaster, who wins?
Who would win, Borg versus Darth Nihilus?
Who would win this fight: YFC vs Ancient Fire Dragons?
Who would win, Sidra and Kaioshin U9 vs U8 Angel?
What's the most dangerous animal you could take on, barehanded?
Your consciousness is suddenly moved to an average 4 year-old house cat. Only way you can recover your body is if you kill or cause the death of your owner, an average 25 year-old male who lives alone. Can you do it?
What disaster level would these characters have in the world of One Punch Man, and what heroes would be needed to defeat them?
If the United States and China went to war, how would it play out?
AH, HA HA! I, the Geometrical Dominator, am here to challenge your favorite characters!
Who would win in a fight between Captain Marvel vs Thor?
Who would win, Darth Maul vs. General Grievous?
If every leader in the world fought each other in a dance battle, who would win?
Mob and Tatsumaki vs. Accelerator: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, SSJ2 Goku vs SSJ3 Goku?
Which will win, Sauron's ring of power or Thanos' gauntlet?
What if North Korea and the Roman Empire went to war?
Miss Multiverse 2013 - Round One
Who would win in a fight, the Pitbull or the Rottweiler?
If Cenk Uygur and Reggie Fils-Aime did a cage match, who would win?
#Back2Basics: Lion vs. Bear vs. Gorilla vs. Alligator vs. Python
The South African Air Force SAAB Gripen versus Angolan Air Force Sukhoi Su-30K, who would win assuming they fought over the skies of neutral Namibia?
Who will win in a fight between Deadpool and Captain America?
Who would win out of Lelouch Vi Britannia VS Light Yagami...in a Boxing Match, and why?
Who would win, Superboy Prime Solar Suit vs Goku SSJ Blue KaioKen x10?
Is it true that before 2018 will we have WWIII?
Who would win in a fight between Naruto and Minato?
Captain Awesome faces Mike Tyson in a boxing match. Is there any chance he can win?
can Boba Fett survive an ambush from Fenrir Greyback?
Who would win in a war between Sweden and Germany?
Who'd win, NYC with complete control of the Rat Population vs Alaska with complete control of their Wolf Population?
Is there any mammal in the same size range that could defeat the Marsupial Lion?
Gaara vs Magneto: Who would win?
Who will win between Chelsea and Barcelona?
Who would win in a fight, Natsu, Korra, or Luffy?
If Newton and Einstein had a debate on gravity, who would win?
All water on earth is now 1% ABV alcoholic. No matter what anyone tries to do they cannot extract out any water. Does mankind survive this drunk fantasy?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between Seal Team Six and Delta Force in the Amazon forest?
Who would come out on top out of 5 black widow females vs a fire ant colony, and why?
Aslan versus Gandalf, who wins?
How many red pandas does it take to kill a human?
Who would claim victory out of Weiss Schnee vs Lucina, and why?
Who wins in a fight between a leopard and a snow leopard?
Who would win in a crime war?
Who'd win, 3 Legendary Sanin at full power vs Captain America, Iron Man and Ant Man?
Who would win, Saitama vs Wally West flash?
Who would win in a battle between Gandalf the White and the Dovahkin?
Who would win in a fight, Orochimaru or Ken Kaneki?
Who would win in a fight, Venom or Samus Aran?
Itachi might not have the strongest Susanoo but I believe he has a strong chance of winning if he, Madara and Sasuke fought using Susanoos. Who do you think will win, and why?
Who wins in a battle Godzilla vs. King Kong?
Who would win: Darth Vader or Captain America?
Who'd win, Georges St-Pierre vs. a large spotted hyena?
Who would win in a fight, Quicksilver or Firestorm?
Who would win this war: Pokemon starters. Final evolutions only. Fire vs Water vs Grass . Which side wins?
Who would win in a battle to the death? High Evolutionary, Ghost Rider , Black Heart, Blackout, Flash , Spawn, Hellboy, Ego , and Darkseid, or Galactus?
The Greil Mercenaries , vs named Band of the Hawk characters: Who would be the victor?
Every insult and exaggeration ever uttered by Gordon Ramsay is now literally true. Does he survive?
Who would win: The Black Hand or Thanos?
If there was a war between China and the United Kingdom, who would win?
Who wins between 100 Centurion Tanks or 1 Abrams tank?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Dr Strange vs Dovahkiin, and why?
How will a hypothetical war between Japan and North Korea play out?
Who would come out on top out of Jabba the Hutt vs Elephant Seal version of Bender, and why?
Who would win a face to face battle between Lord Krishna and Bheesham Pitamah?
Who would come out on top out of Black Lightning vs Static Shock, and why?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 10/11/2015
Are we in World War 3?
Battle of the Shark Tank - Which businessman would win?
The Force is now real but its power is proportional to the size of each individual's fanbase as of right now. Each person is a future Jedi/Sith and gets ten years in the DBZ time chamber with Yoda/Palpatine as their guide before they must fight to the death with a single victor. Who would win?
Who would in win in a five way fight, between Conor McGregor, Muhammad Ali, Bruce Lee, Mike Tyson and Floyd Mayweather?
Disregarding all other nations, what would happen if Italy attempted to invade and retake its former colonies of Albania, Somalia, Djibouti, Eritrea, Libya, and Ethiopia?
Thor, God of Thunder Kratos, God of War
Who are the weakest fictional characters who could solo North Korea?
Who would win, Uvogin vs Kurapika?
Who is the strongest character Road Runner could beat in a fight?
Bruce Wayne and Clark Kent run for president, who wins?
Who would win in a battle between McShane Odin and Hopkins Odin?
Who would win this war: Cyclops' optic blasts vs Superman's heat vision vs the greek Medusa's gaze vs Darkseid's Omega Beams vs Kaa the python's hypnotic eyes vs Ghost Rider's Penance Stare?
What President can defeat Johnathan Blackjack?
Warhammer 40k Composite Chaos God vs Marvel/DC
Two people are in a knife fight. One holds his knife with the point up, the other with the point down. Who'd win and how?
If there was a war, would Hungary rather form a commonwealth with Poland or Austria?
Rogue absorbs power from MUI Goku. Who's the strongest character she can beat?
Who would be victorious out of 500 Wildebeest vs 500 Bulls, and why?
Who would be victorious out of 100 A-wings vs 100 F-22 Raptors, and why?
Will there be a war between India and Pakistan in the near future?
Who would win between the Roman Imperial legions of Caesar Augustus or a modern US Marine infantry battalion?
Who would come out on top out of Thanos with Time Stone vs. Thanos with Reality Stone vs. Thanos with Space Stone vs. Thanos with Mind Stone vs. Thanos with Power Stone, and why?
Bruce Wayne becomes the true essence of Vengeance by bonding with Zarathos to become a Ghost Rider. Who is the strongest DC character that he can defeat? Who is the strongest Marvel character he can defeat? How does he fare against the other ghost riders?
All of the black guys in the USA vs. All of the cops in the USA
Who would win in a hypothetical battle of Westeros: Robert Baratheon in his prime or Khal Drogo?
Does being bigger actually help in a fight?
Who would win, CoD: Infinite Warfare vs Battlefield 1?
Who would win a fight, all the playable Overwatch characters or Master Chief?
Who would win, John-117 vs Thel Lodamee?
Who would win in a fight between Eru Ilúvatar and Gimli?
Harald Jaekelsson takes on a shonen gauntlet.
Genetically spliced Hippo Silverback Gorilla vs naked Batman
Who would claim victory out of Green Arrow Vs. Hawkeye, and why?
If Feanor and Fingolfin had actually come to blows, who would have prevailed?
Hitmonchan vs Steve fox in a 10 round boxing match,who would win?
Black Panther vs. Pink Panther: Who would be the victor?
Who could defeat Batman if he had unlimited prep time?
Mabari War Hound vs Diamond-Dog: Who would win?
The Gang from "It's Alway's Sunny From Philadelphia" turn into vampires. Can they defeat Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
What are the key strategies or major considerations that jockeys utilize to win horse races?
Who would win out of The Sun versus One Hundred Trillion Pandas, and why?
What would happen if Canada declared war on Denmark for Greenland?
Your power is multiplied. Can you take on Spider-Man?
Who is the strongest person Big Head can take on in a fight
Who would Win a fight between Osama bin laden and The Hulk?
Who will win in a battle between Fantastic Four and Cobra Organization?
Who would win, Polar Bear vs. Any one creature on the planet?
Who'd win, Godzilla vs. Squirrel Girl?
Which one would win, a polar bear or a killer whale?
Who'd win, Batman vs 250 lb octopus?
Cats vs. Dogs: Who would have the edge?
Who would win this match: US Marine vs Samurai?
Featured Team: The Great Saiyaman and Saiyagirl
who is the weakest character which can kill God-Barney the dinosaur?
Who would win this battle: MCU Thor vs Master Chief?
Which characters are the most powerful in the Marvel Future Fight after Tier 2 for fighting?
Weakest who can survive being locked in a concrete room with nothing but a cow for 6 months. R2: Cow must survive.
Your Best Friend with a Sledgehammer vs You with the Ability of One-Hit-KO Punch
Who will win in a fight between Captain America and Dracula?
Who would win this match: Re-match between a T-Rex and a Spinosaurus?
Who would win a 20 km running race amongst AB de Villiers, Virat Kohli, MS Dhoni, and David Warner?
Who is the weakest character who could One Punch the One Punch Man, Saitama?
can a Sheep in a knight's shining armor beat a Knight in sheep's clothing?
Who would win in a war between liberals and conservatives?
Who would win in a battle between a Dalek and a Dementor?
In which theory had it been proved that a tortoise can win the race against rabbit?
Who would win, Yugi Mutou vs Jake the Dog at various card games?
Which would win a full-scale nuclear war between India and China? Which one would suffer huge losses in such a conflict?
Who would win in a war between the Marvel Asgardians and the Saiyans of Dragon Ball with all warriors at their peak power levels?
Who will win in a fight between Darkseid and Dr. Doom?
If you put an enraged Siberian tiger in an arena with an enraged Spanish bull which one would come out on top?
All Cats Vs. All Dogs
If Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin fought each other to death, who would win?
Does WW3 happen before the antichrist arises?
Hypothetically, how does someone fight identity theft?
Can the Steven Universe defend against the entire Warhammer 40k universe? My friend thinks that they can due to the melee weapons.
Who would win: Mike Tyson vs Bob Sapp?
Who would be the winner out of Colossus vs. Titans, and why?
You and four others have an explosive implanted in your heads... Who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Goku vs wonder woman?
What will happen if two Krav Maga practitioners encounter each other in a fight?
Luther Strode vs Cinematic Street Tiers: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Stormtroopers vs Clone Troopers?
How many instances of SCP 3199 would it take to defeat Armless Tiger Man?
Who'd win, Average gray wolf vs bare handed Bruce lee?
Who would win, Nora Valkyrie vs Lie Ren?
Godzilla is granted the power of Asgard, who’s the strongest that Thor-Zilla can beat?
Who would win a non-armed fight between these two biblical figures; Samson and Goliath?
Warriors, what are the most irritating mistakes that you see in military movies/TV/games/etc.?
If all the Triple Crown winners throughout history raced against each other which horse do you think would win and why?
Swap the brains of any two characters. Which two would most easily adjust to their new lives?
You are about to be transported to Westeros from Earth Pick one random super power and explain how well you go about surviving the world. Who would win?
Assuming no other countries are involved, who would win a war between Iran, Syria, Turkey, and Saudi Arabia?
When a team dominates their League people say it’s predictable, boring and a „one horse race“. But when athletes dominate their sport for a decade winning everthing people say they are legends. Why so?
Who would win in a war between Serbian and Montenegro without NATO intervention?
Who would win, Golden Frieza vs Golden Frieza?
Who would win in a fight between Elrond and Thranduil?
A hard shell taco or a grilled cheese sandwich: Who would win?
Every Alligator vs every crocodile
The zombie virus adapts and now infects all mammals. Can any team of zombie survivors survive in the plains of Africa: Who would be the winner?
What would happened now if Cambodia didn't have wars?
The ANGRY MARINES are about to meet some new enemies.
Who would win in a battle between Annabeth Chase and Clary Fray? But only going by the original book versions not the movies or TV show.
Harry Potter vs Anakin Skywalker: Who would have the edge?
If they had one week of prep, could the Ghostbusters successfully rid Amity Park of ghosts?
All Cats in the World can now speak our language and gain Captain America Level Strength and intelligience. Can we win?
Who would come out on top out of 4chan shrek versus Navy Seal Copypasta, and why?
Who would win between a human and a shillelagh?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Spectre and Ant-man versus Ghost Rider and Atom?
Who would win in a death battle? Deadpool or Doomsday?
Did Churchill and Roosevelt double cross Poland at the end of WWII?
Could New Zealand have defeated America in WW 2? How?
Who will win in a fight between Batman and Bruce Wayne?
Who would win this punch-up: Beerus vs actual Egyptian gods?
Who would win out of The best fighter you've personally met vs. Babar the elephant, and why?
Who would win, Pennywise Vs. Super Buu?
Who would win in a war between Spain and France?
If Jiraiya and Shisui fought and each had time to prepare for the other before the fight, who wins?
Geralt of Rivia Vs Link: The Hero of Time: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Bison vs Bull vs Rhino vs Buffalo?
Who would win this brawl: The Powerpuff Girls vs. Powerpuff Girls Z?
Who would win this combat: The leaders of ISIS declare, "We are evil, and we don't care about Islamic doctrine"?
If alien invasion really happened, will humans win just like in scifi movies?
Who would win in a fight, Horus Lupercal , or Thanos?
Who would win in a fight: Goku or Doomsday?
If the wild animals of every country went to war with one another, which country would win and why?
Who would win in a fight: Joe Rogan or Brendan Schaub?
Who would win this match: Ghost Rider vs. Pinhead?
Who'd win, A cat & mouse battle of wits between Batman, Sherlock Holmes, L and Walter White?
Participation Trophy for February Week 1
Every major character in the MCU must 1v1 the Predator in the Amazon Rainforest
What is a classic painting that pictures the fight between hell and heaven?
Who would win, Killua or Gon?
If the best DC fighters fought the best Marvel fighters, who would win and who are those fighters?
Who would win in a fight between The Winged Dragon of Ra and Exodia?
The cast of friends vs seinfeld cast in a fight to the death.
All the water in the world somehow becomes a gigantic horde of bloodthirsty killer Spiders, can humanity survive?
In a war between the Midwest states and North Korea, who would win?
Who wins a fight between the Bat Family and the Spider-Family? Which is the tougher group of comic book characters?
Who would win in a fight, Master Chief or Pikachu?
Your total accumulated karma is your new power level a la DBZ...
If all of the U.S. States fought against each other in a war of sorts, who would win?
You're at work when 20 rabid dogs attack the place, could you survive? Who would win?
Captain America takes a durability pill from Injustice: Gods Among Us, then has a fistfight with Thor
Who would win in a war between Indonesia vs. combined forces of Malaysia, Singapore, and Papua New Guinea?
The Hateful Eight Vs. The Crazy 88: Who would be the champion?
How far could Aang get in the One Punch Man universe? What's his rank in the Hero Association?
barack obama vs orville redenbacher in a spoken word contest: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the winner out of Raiden vs Thor: Battle of the Gods of Thunder, and why?
Who would win a war: The WW2 German Wehrmacht, or ISIS?
Who will win in a battle between The original Justice League of America and Magneto and his Botherhood of Mutants?
What disaster levels would these villains get?
Who is more powerful between Spider-Man and Captain America?
What are odds of 2 to 1 winning in a race?
Who would win in an imaginary battle between Bali and the Hulk?
If China and US go to war who wins this fight?
EOS Toriko runs a Godzilla Gauntlet
Who would win, Moonfish vs Nemesis?
Which was the greatest army in history?
If all the Disney characters fought one another in a Hunger Games match, who would win?
Who would win, Lennie Smalls VS Ancalagon the Black?
Bob Denver on acid playing the accordion fused with a lizard, a shark, and a heat-seeking panther using the Potarra earrings vs. The famous purple stuffed worm in flap-jaw space with the tuning fork: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a war between Chandra Gupta Mauriya and Rajendra Chola?
Say a nuclear war breaks out and the northern hemisphere is mostly destroyed, how does this affect Pacific nations like Tonga, Hawaii and Samoa?
Who would win, Mr. Strongman or Batman?
Could Saruman have killed Durin's Bane?
Who'd win, Beastboy in Cow Form vs Bat Cow?
Who would win out of Cicada 3301 except Batman is a contender, facing off against the united forces of Reddit and 4chan, and why?
Humanity votes on who they would like to see in a fight. What's the matchup?
Between neutrinos and photons, who wins the race across the galaxy?
Who would win this duel: Voldemort, Gandalf, and Dumbledore vs Ghost Rider , En Sabah Nur, & Obi-Wan Kenobi?
Who would be the champion out of MCU Iron Man vs Gray Fox, and why?
Who would win, Victor Crowley vs Predator?
If all the Gods and figures of all religions had a brawl, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Cthulhu and Godzilla?
Which job would make someone a millionaire the fastest: selling lemonade, babysitting, dog walking, or begging?
How would a fight between the Hulk and Doomsday turn at their considerable peaks considering the fact that both are sort of immortal?
What are the differences between mechanized and motorized infantry combat styles?
Who would win in a fight between Jimmy Wales and Julian Assange?
Who will win in a battle between Plastic Man, Mr. Fantastic & Straw-Hat Luffy?
Why should WW3 be possible if humanity has the choice to never make it possible?
A skilled man vs 7 women in a fight, who would win?
Bear Grylls and Les Stroud band together to survive The Walking Dead. How far do they get: Who would be the winner?
Who can throw the best party ever?
Will the final war on earth pitch Islam against humanity?
Who would win this punch-up: Samus vs. Zangief in unarmed combat?
Who would be the winner out of Orochi vs. Raditz, and why?
Kylo Ren must fight through a Movie Gauntlet can he do it ?
Who would win in a staff battle between The Science Museum and London Natural History Museum? What exhibits/items would help them to be victorious?
Who would win in a war between Mexico, Cuba and Jamaica vs Brazil, Haiti and Dominica?
Who would win, Sea King vs Speed of Sound Sonic vs Asura Rhino vs Mosquito Girl?
Who'd win, Rational force user with a lightsaber vs Rational wizard with a wand?
If Black Panther and Kraven the Hunter fought to death, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Mary Marvel and Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a war? All Bleach characters or Naruto characters?
Who would win this war: Michael Jordan with a baseball bat vs Mike Tyson?
What would win, a great white shark or a dolphin?
Who would win, Daredevil & Iron Fist vs Black Panther?
Orca: The Killer Whale VS. Jaws: Who would claim victory?
Since Pakistan has more nuclear weapons than India, will India lose to a war with Pakistan? Will allies protect India?
All the animals on Earth have banded together to destroy humanity. Can the humans survive?
Who would win this duel: Yoshikage Kira vs. Tohru Adachi?
Who would win, Annie Leonhart in Titan form from the Attack on Titan anime vs Yoko Kurama while holding back from the YuYu Hakusho anime?
Who is the most powerful character Dale Gribble can elude?
Who would win, SSJG Goku or Alien X?
Who would win in a war between 1973 Egypt and 1991 Iraq?
Who would claim victory out of Hippo vs Lion, and why?
Who would come out on top out of The Composite Human™ vs Earth's various animals, and why?
If the Reapers invaded the Star Wars galaxy, who would win?
Who'd win, Samson and his army vs Sauron and his army?
Why is there a distinction between combat sports and martial arts?
Who would win out of terror bird vs raptor, and why?
Every shark from every shitty shark movie gets into a fight, who comes out alive?
Who would win this combat: A turtle with The World vs a sapient tree with a Red Lantern ring?
Who would win out of Force Lightning vs. Mjolnir's lightning, and why?
Since Enigma was broken by July 1941, did the US know about the Pearl Harbor attack?
Who would win a comedy battle on stage between Deadpool and the Joker?
Will campaign pitches that revolve around candidates' personal family lives work to win Southerners' votes in the POTUS race?
What's the strongest bloodlusted animal a single riot policeman can knock out?
Who would be the victor out of The Street Sharks vs. Davey Jones and any 3 crew members, and why?
Who would win, Luke Cage vs Clifford the Big Red Dog?
Who would win in a fight, Chuck Norris or Deadpool?
Sky vs Land vs Water: Who would claim victory?
If every province in the world declared war on each other, which one would win?
Who will win in a war between Ottoman Empire and Qing Dynasty in 1900?
Who would win, Mr. Rogers in a Bloodstained Sweater vs. Bruce Wayne?
While all of you are still in Freedom Mode: Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor vs Eurofighter Typhoon
Who would win, Master Chief vs Kylo Ren?
What if the Turks make an alliance with SlavMacedonians and Albanians in order to attack Greece? Is this hypothetical scenario possible?
Who would claim victory out of Wonder Woman on a rampage, can this coalition of ladies stop and subdue her, and why?
Take a 10/10 battle, give the loser something that costs 25 dollars or less in real life and turn the tides .
Who would win, Qing or the USA?
Who would win, human security force vs vampire security force?
Are all Indians ready to join the battlefield if India had to fight a decisive war with both Pakistan and China? Explain your answer with reasons you think.
Who would win this war: Galactus vs daedric princes vs chaos gods?
Will multibillion dollar tech companies be able to prevent WW3?
If Wonder Woman had three boys, one each by Superman, Thor, and Aquaman, and all were raised to adulthood by Batman, and then all fought to the death, which would win, and why?
Who would win, Hulk vs The Rhino?
Who would win, The Bad Guys From Spider-Man 3 vs. The Bad Guys From The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
If Rick Sanchez from Rick and Morty and The Doctor from Doctor Who were to fight to the death with the multiverse as an arena, who would win and why?
How much damage could the Joker cause in Rome? And is there any historical Romans who can stop him?
Hyper Realistic Super Smash Bros Cast. Who wins?
Who would win, Chumbucket vs Ratbag?
Pick a random power from Powerlisting wiki. Try to defeat the guy above.
If the Hulk fought against 5 M1 Abrams tanks with all of the most modern Abrams equipment in an open, flat desert, then who would Win? How would the battle be fought?
What is the comic in which Raven and Superboy are fighting?
Bowser and Bowser Jr vs Tomura Shigaraki and All for One: Who would come out on top?
Who would claim victory out of Inter-continuity villain fight, Round 1: Rhino vs Solomon Grundy, and why?
Who would win something between Captain America and Master Chief?
Who would win this fight: goku vs naruto?
Who would win in a fight, Blastoise or Batman?
Who would win, Omega Shenron or SSJ4 Gogeta?
If Thanos ran for president, would he win?
Who would win, Luffy with kryptonite boxing gloves vs superman?
The Hulk vs. The entire locust army: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a Secretary bird and an eagle?
Who would win, The league of shadows vs Assassins guild?
One Punch Man's Saitama vs Worm's Siberian: Who would be the victor?
You vs. a polar bear locked in a school with a musket. Who would win?
Who would win, Iron Man or a Transformer?
Can 2 leopards defeat a jaguar?
Featured Character: Might Guy
Who will win if a full-fledged conventional war breaks out tomorrow between India vs Pakistan and China?
Who would win if there was a fight between Jason Bourne and Batman?
Who is the weakest character that can tank a punch from a bloodlusted SSJG Goku?
Who would win, a dozen AIM agents equipped with typical equipment, or Batman?
Who would win in a battle between a wolf and a Kangal?
Who'd win, MCRN Donnager vs Re-imagined Galactica?
Who would win this combat: Street Sharks Vs Teenage Mutant Turtles?
Who would win in a war between Scandinavia and Brazil without NATO?
If there is a fight between a crow and a falcon, who would win?
Melisandre sends a shadow assassin to kill Jaqen H'ghar. Will it succeed?
You vs a Bengal Tiger Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Galactus, Doctor Strange and Odin?
Who would win if Ichigo fought Luffy?
Who would win, Hitoshi Shinso or Izuku Midoriya?
Who would win, Rainbow Dash vs Raiden?
Who would win: Superman or Black Bolt?
Who will win a fight between Hawkeye and Batman?
Who would win in a modern day battle between a Viking and a Knight?
What war, given hindsight, would neither side wish to have fought?
Who would come out on top out of Guardians of the Galaxy vs Shepard's Team, and why?
Which one wins in a battle, a gorilla or ten pit bulls?
Who would win in a fight between a Roman legion and a company of Swiss pikemen?
How far you will believe in slow and study wins the race, especially in competitive exams like UPSC while the syllabus is so huge. sometimes you rush up to complete it ASAP?
Are there any games that feature combat between tanks and mechs, where both are reasonably evenly matched?
Team of the Month: Jungle Fury Power Rangers
Who'd win, A polar bear vs a polar bear sized praying mantis?
Who'd win, Alexandria, Legend, and Hero VS Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight: Bardock or Saiyan Saga Vegeta?
If Von Schlieffen had been alive in 1914, would he have executed his Plan exactly as he himself had drafted it, or would he have lost his nerve , and transferred corps to the Russian front in August?
Who would win, "Snake Charmer" Bourbon vs Zushi?
Who would win: Goku or Marvel?
Who would win, Nomu vs Hulk?
Who would win in a battle between a sea otter and a hyena?
Who would win in a fight, Frieza or Cell?
Who would win, Shadow Stalker sits upon the top of her mountain with hatred. The Whos in Whoville are making the annual Christmas celebrated. Can the teenage girl, so dreary and jaded, steal Chrismtas from the Whos, so her rage is sedated?
Who would win in a Heavyweight championship bout between Sonny Liston and Mike Tyson if they were in their primes?
Who would win, Superman versus God Emperor of Mankind?
Who would win in a fight, Jellal or Itachi?
Who would win in a fight, Hela or Thanos?
Who would win this war: Floyd Mayweather vs Ronda Rousey without grappling?
Shounen Tournament of power
Who would win out of DC vs their Marvel Counterparts, and why?
Ashitaka vs MCU Hawkeye: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Lawrence of Arabia vs ISIS?
If the modern Islamic Military attacked Israel who would intervene, and what would the result be?
Race to the egde of the univers! Who would win? With a twist...
Who would win in a fight between Giganta and Wasp?
Trump VS Hitler, who would win in an all-out war?
Who would win this fight: Team sayain vs. Team opm?
Who would win a fight between Iron Man and Jesus?
Who would win in a fight between Darkseid and Odin, and why?
Who would win in a war between Romania and Serbia?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Blackvidow?
If the Wehrmacht fought against the Taiwanese military, who will win?
Who would win, Superman Prime vs Wonder Woman?
Could Sauron at the height of his power defeat a Primarch in single combat?
What zodiac signs would win a fist fight?
Which fictional characters do you think would be able to survive Ghost-Riderès penance stare?
Who would win, Uncle Sam vs. John Bull?
Who will win in the battle between Jedi Knights and Avengers?
If China starts a war against India, what will you do?
Who would win, Meta-Cooler or Yarddratians?
If we have a road race between an electric scooter made in 2017 and the 1910 car, who would win, and why?
Who would be the champion out of Gorr Vs Darkseid, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Wizarding Community vs Muggles, and why?
Your favourite superhero gets the main power of your favourite supervillain. How do things for your superhero change?
Who would win in a fight, Krillin or All-Might?
Who would win in a fight between Itachi and Ironman?
How would a war between the United Kingdom and Russia affect the average citizen of those countries?
Who'd win, Saitama Vs Majin Buu One Punch Man Vs DBZ?
What Character/Superhero would fail to survive your real-life experiences.
Who'd win, Indominus Rex vs Zilla?
What will happen if World War 3 begins today?
Who would win out of Uzumaki Naruto vs Hashirama Senju, and why?
Who would win this war: Fire Nation vs Empire of Japan?
The Island Challenge #1
Why do Quora users ask so many questions about war, hypothetical scenarios, countries fighting each other, nuking each other, etc.?
Who would win this punch-up: Sokka vs. Jon Snow?
What would a modern day war look like, assuming everyone realizes nukes aren't an option?
Who could beat the Forerunners in a fight.
Can China win a space race to Mars against USA? Can trump cause such a race?
How bad would a world war be if 1/3 of the world's current population died out?
Who would win a war between Turkey and Saudi Arabia, and why?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Logan Paul and all of his subscribers wage war on Japan, can they win, and why?
In a hypothetical World War 3, how many Gurkhas would fight for Britain?
Who would win in a fight, Gajeel or Vegeta?
Who is more likely to win in a battle between Ninjas and Spartans? Why?
Who would win in a fight, Sakura Uchiha or Tenten?
If the U.S and U.K went to war, who would win?
If WW3 breaks out, will it be easier for countries to imprison dissidents and propagandists like WW2, but now easier to find with IP addresses?
Who would win if there was a match between Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson?
Who would win in a fight between Muhammad Ali and Cassius Clay?
Who is the cleverest person the Loch-Ness monster could trick tree fiddy out of?
Who can help Taiwan in case of war, as you cannot depend on the USA, as they change their mind quickly? Plus, they cannot win any war. Weapons they make are showcased.
Could someone who benches 200lbs beat someone in a fight who benches 350lbs?
Shouldn't the memoization approach take less time as compared to the tabulation approach while solving the dynamic programming problem of coin change? Who wins the race, more calculations, or recursion?
Why was Japan so aggressive during World War II? They attacked and conquered a vast amount of territory.
If Batman's entire rogues gallery fought each other in the Hunger Games , who would form alliances, betray whom, and win?
Who will win in a war between Malaysia and Singapore without outside intervention?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Chaotic Being Battle Royal! Discord vs. Bill Cipher vs. Space Bear vs. Sheogorath, and why?
MCu Civil War except its in a game of Basketball
Who would win, Hourman/Extant vs S'ivaa?
An army of 10,000 possessed by 9th graders is attacking you. Most have no weapons. The leaders have guns. Which weapon do you choose to fight them?
Every professional athlete in every non-combat sport gets in an all-out brawl! Who wins?
you are going to fight against a bear Who would win?
Who would win a fight, a blue whale or a Saw shark?
How many lion sized chihuahuas are needed to kill a grizzly bear?
What are the most unknown facts on the Second World War?
Who would win, Starkiller or Canon Darth Vader?
Removing characters that are above/beyond the 3rd dimension or can destroy entire universe at once, who would win in a free-for-all to the death between Marvel and DC heroes and villains?
Who'd win, Bang Versus Hayato Furinji?
Who will win in a war between the European continent and the whole American continent combine?
Who would win, WWW: A kangaroo vs a mountain lion?
Who will kill who in a death match between Marvel's Apocalypse versus Thanos, if they actually fought against each other?
Why are so many people asking "Who will win in a war between so and so"?
Who would win, Daryl vs Punisher. Who would survive the longest in a Zombie Apocalypse?
Who would win: 200 Navy Seals vs 200 SAS?
What is a good WWIII scenario any time from 1950-2017?
Who would win a battle between Oberyn Martell and Syrio Forel?
Who would win this combat: Dolphin vs hippo?
How do I win a battle fought alone against the world?
Black Panther vs. Kylo Ren: Who would come out on top?
You vs Shadow You Who would win?
All former US presidents are revived as they were during their presidency and have a fight, with teams according to parties.
strongest thing that these 'cattlepults' can defeat.
If 1,354 votes are cast in an election that is to be decided by popularity, what is the smallest number of votes a candidate can win with in a five candidate race if no ties are allowed?
Who would win, The Jibber Jabber! Off topic Question and Discussion 5/16/15?
Enter a character of your choosing and I will explain how a BIONICLE character of a similar level can beat them.
Who would win in a fight Q or Thanos?
Who'd win, 2 Hippos vs 1 Polar Bear?
You get Two Powers, How far do you get on this Ladder? Who would win?
Who would win, Vegeta vs Ultra Instinct Omen Goku?
Who would win in a fight between a Clouded Leopard and Velociraptor?
Who'd win, Boxing: Wonder Woman vs Superman?
Who would win in a fight: Voldemort or a fully realized Avatar Aang?
Who would win in a bar fight, Vladimir Putin or Clint Eastwood?
Alien X, Darkseid, Thanos, Adult Franklin Richards, Galactus, Beyonder, thought robot superman, molecule man, Lucifer Morningstar, Elder God Demonbane, swamp thingvs. TOAA
What is the oldest historical army that could overrun Arendelle?
Who would win in a fight between a king cobra and a golden eagle?
Who would win in a fight between X-Men's Colossus and The Flash’s villain Girder?
Who would win this brawl: Average Person vs. Tiger Shark?
Who would come out on top out of Batman and Flash vs /u/Roflmoo, and why?
Who would win the football match between China and Venezuela?
Would you want to fight in the next World War? Why or why not?
Who would win out of Batman vs Buffy The Vampire Slayer, and why?
Who would win, Canadian Donkey Kong vs Mario?
Shovel Knight Vs. Kratos: Who would be the winner?
Who will win the intellectual war between atheists and theists?
Boxing Tournament Presents: Steve Fox , Dudley , Balrog , Vanessa
Who would win in a fight, Aang and Appa or Hiccup and Toothless?
Who would win in a fight between Dr Manhattan and The Justice League?
Is there any breed of dog that can beat an adult Gray Wolf in a one on one fight?
Who would claim victory out of Wonder Woman vs Raiden, and why?
Yoda vs. Darth Sidious: no light sabers: Who would win?
Who would win this combat: Anakin Skywalker vs. Marvel's Sandman?
Who would win, Spock or Anakin?
Who would be the victor out of Wolverine vs White Whale, and why?
Who would be the victor out of The Crocodile Hunter vs The Gator Boys, and why?
Who would win, Aretha franklin's rotting corpse being tossed around by magneto vs my gay cousin's pet hamster?
strongest being 711 7/11 emplyee could 7/11 in a 7/11 at 7:11 pm of 2018/7/11
Who would win, Shadow or Sonic?
Who'd win, Ozymandias vs. Batman: The battle of the brains?
Hagrid vs Animals: Who would be the winner?
You have 999,999,999,999 USD, 25 Cyborg Kangaroos, 42 Doom Bots, 69 defective condoms, 8 vials of Superman's sperm, Wonder Woman's lasso, and a full set of Darkseid's teeth. How do you ruin your favorite character's day? Who would win?
Who should win in a battle between Naruto and Madara vs Sasuke and Hashirama?
Who would win, Ayato Kirishima or Yoshimura?
Who'd win, Zeus Vs. Thor?
What are some fictional movies about World War III?
Who would win, Bat-Tank from Arkham Knight vs Bat-Tank from Dark Knight Returns?
Who would win in a fight, Sakura or Katara?
Who would win, Magneto and Wolverine or Vision and Black Panther?
Who would win a full-scale conventional war between the U.K. and France?
Who would win in a fight, Kid Goku or Deathstroke?
Mike Tyson vs Luis Suarez in a biting contest: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win in a fight, Orion or Thor?
Who would win if 60,000 Medieval Knights fought 300 Jedi Knights?
Who could 1v1 Superman to the death and win?
Why do Americans deny their defeat in Vietnam war?
Who would win, 5 Brock Lesnars VS A Silverback Gorilla?
Which monsters can win in a fight?
The Queen, Barack Obama and Ed Milliband all get the power to read minds. Who corrupts first: Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Timmy Turner vs. Maxwell, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Harry Potter or Kylo Ren?
Who would win, Trunks SSJ2 Enraged vs Goku Black?
How well would Napoleon's planned invasion of Britain go if he managed to successfully land his entire Army of England on British soil? What would his priorities be? What cities would he go for? What would his route be?
Hunger Games between all U.S. Presidents
100 ISIS militants vs 1 octillion LEGOs: Who would come out on top?
Who would claim victory out of EoS Tsuna VS Current Zebra, and why?
What can Sasuke do with Genjutsu combined with Amaterasu, Bansho Tenin, Susanoo, and Indra arrow against Iron Man, Star Lord team and the rest of the Avengers? How? Why?
Who would win out of Stray Cat vs. an average wizard, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Juggernaut and the entire Bat family?
What would a war fought in complete compliance to the Geneva Convention look like?
r/whowouldwin presents No Mercy 2017
Star wars gets invaded
How many Carolina Reaper peppers can Wolverine eat in a sitting before he inevitably shits fire?
What's the strongest animal a chihuahua, a corgi, a dachshund, a maltese, a pomeranian, a poodle, and a shih tzu working together can kill?
Who Is the Top #1?
Who would win, 2 Followers of Romulus vs Master Assassin: Marcus Julius Brutus?
Who would win, Ox-King or Vegeta?
Assimilate the universe ultimate showdown
Who would win, Tiger vs. Polar Bear?
Who would win, Voldemort versus the Nine Nazgul of Sauron?
Who would win: Akira or Dr Manhattan?
What if Germany built U-boats instead of Plan Z?
In a freak accident, Batman gains the ability to negate all super abilities around him. Anyone who wants to fight Batman will now have to do it without powers.
Who would win, Goku, Naruto, Luffy, and Pikachu or Superman, Batman, Hulk, and Thor?
Which was better: Daredevil or Jessica Jones?
How would this battle end: Vision vs Ant-Man
If every country had to choose one person in their history to fight in a gladiator-style battle, which country would win?
Who would win in a fight between a Gladiator and Spartan?
My 5.5 yr old son didn't win in his school's racing, he's sad. I told him its okay and we'll practice more, didn't help much! What else shall I do?
Who would win in a fight, Ned Stark or Gregor "The Mountain" Clegane?
Who would win, Uvogin vs "The Rat" Kurapika?
What would ISIS do during WW3?
What percentage of winning California Lotto tickets are generated by the machine versus self-picked?
Who's the weakest characterwho could break a bull's neck with his/her bare hands?
If Godzilla got transported into the Pacific Rim universe and fought both the Jaegers and the Kaiju, who would win?
Who'd win in a war between Egypt and Sudan over Hala'IB triangle?
Who would win this war: Grizzly Bear versus a Bengal Tiger?
The weakest pokemon that could defeat a blood-lusted Jake the Dog
What is the likelihood that North Korea will launch a nuclear bomb at the mainland United States, and where is the most likely location?
Who would win, Battle of the older brothers: Itachi Uchiha vs. Metal Bat?
If we had to choose between go, chess and checkers to win from aliens that would play against the human race, which one should we choose?
Black Panther versus Batman: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Death Troopers from Star Wars or the Navy SEALs?
Mami's Rifles shoot Raptors and Homura's Guns shoot Pet Shops . Who wins?
Who'd win, Charizard Vs A T-Rex Vs The Incredible Hulk with Special Guest Referee, a Horse?
Who would win a battle between Australia, India, Norway and a piece of bacon?
Which superhero did the morally worst pro-active crime prevention?
Who would win this battle: Harry Potter universe magicians vs. muggles in an all out war?
How many chimpanzees/ gorillas could MCU cap beat from the movie dawn of the plant of the apes
Who would win in a UFC 5-round championship fight, Chuck Liddell or Dan Henderson, if both are in their prime?
Who would be the victor out of John Wick {John Wick} vs. Rama {The Raid}, and why?
Would the Soviets have broken the Non-Aggression Pact with the Germans if the Germans hadn’t done so first?
Who'd win, Indominus Rex Vs Hulk Buster?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between equal numbers of Maasai warriors and Zulu warriors?
Batman is now the Avatar, can he defeat Spider-man?
How big of an advantage does a medieval-style armor actually confer when fighting to death with swords?
If there was a war between BRICS/NATO and other obvious allies, who would win? They created a treaty that stated no use of nuclear weapons.
Who would win this match: Wildlife activist showdown: Jane Goodall vs. Steve Irwin vs. Dian Fossey?
Who will win a war between Bangladesh and Burma?
What's the strongest animal you could defeat?
If Cross Kaien and Kaname Kuran from Vampire Knight fought, who would win?
Who'd win, Superman vs Goku at raising a child?
Who'd win, MCU Thor Vs FOX Apocalypse Vs DCEU Superman Vs ALL Might?
Who will win a war between 1990s America and the current India?
Who would win in a battle between these two pairs: and?
Dragon Ball Z vs Marvel and D.C, who would win?
Roided out Rick Sanchez and Summer Smith vs Young Kamogawa after learning Tekken/Iron Fist and Young Nekota before he got punch drunk
Who would win, Frieza vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a battle between a pilot whale and a saltwater croc?
Who'd win, Superman vs One Punch Man?
What if the armistice of November 11th, 1918 was never signed?
Who would win a war between Buddhists and Muslims?
Who would win in a fight, Sam Fisher from the Splinter Cell series versus Micheal Weston from Burn Notice? Why?
Who would be the champion out of Kung Fu Panda vs Hong Kong Fuey, and why?
Who would claim victory out of Shadow the Hedgehog VS Superman VS, and why?
State of the Subreddit/Project Updates
Who would win this battle: Cluster Headache vs Kidney Stone vs Gallstone vs Root Canal vs Testicular Torsion vs Childbirth vs Trigenanal Neuralgia vs Spinal Cord Injury vs Migraine vs Bullet Ant vs Balls kick vs Bladder Infection vs Australian Stinging Tree?
Who would win if Yoda fought with Batman and/or Spiderman?
Who'd win, ritual of nathema vs Infinite Tsukuyomi?
Who will win in a conventional war between US and Russia?
Broly vs Super Saiyan God Goku: Who would be victorious?
Who would come out on top out of Cows from Cyriak's Cow & Cows & Cows vs the teddy bears from Cycles vs cats from Welcome to Kitty City, and why?
Who would win, Trunks or Trunks?
Konoha 12 with the 12 Talismans
PayPal vs. Visa's new Person To Person system like Popmoney. Who will win the Web / Retail payment race?
Who would win in a fight of Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman versus Doomsday?
Who would win in a fight between a bull and a buffalo?
Who would be the victor out of A McDonalds franchise made of Jell-O with telekinesis vs 1,000 bottles of shampoo armed with jetpacks, and why?
Who would win in a battle between an Imperial Star Destroyer and UNSC Fleet Cruiser?
Could you beat a T-Rex?
Who would win, SSJ Future Trunks or Super Saiyan Cabba?
Who would win in a fight between an antechinus and quoll?
By how much have each of the armies in Westeros been depleted after seven years of war?
Who would win in a fight between a pair of Chinese fighter jets and a US destroyer?
Who would win in a fight, Katsuki Bakugo or Sasuke?
2nd Annual WWW Superhero Games
Who would win in a war between Android and iOS users?
Which cryptocurrency do you think will win the Crypto Race?
Who would win in a fight between a Maus tank and an M1 Abrams?
Who wins in an urban fire fight between two groups who don't have aerial firepower?
Who would be the winner out of The Hulk vs. the Indominus Rex, and why?
Who wins Indian e-commerce? Flipkart or Snapdeal?
Who would win in a fight of the Defenders versus the Avengers?
How did a medieval battle end? I read that only about 5–10% of the soldiers died in a battle. Did the rest of them suddenly stop fighting and walk away? Did they keep fighting until one side lost all their men?
Who would win, Cyrax and Sektor vs Yun and Yang?
Who would have the edge out of Dream of the Endless vs. Thought Robot Superman, and why?
Who would win, Gadot Wonder Woman or Hemsworth Thor?
All of the Disney villains are pitted together in a Hunger Games
Who'd win, captain america vs black panther?
Batman runs my gauntlet
What superhero would win in a Battle Royale between all superheroes?
Who would win, Vilgax vs Thanos?
If an Abrams tank fought with 20,000 Spartans, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Hercules and the Hulk?
In hand-to-hand combat, who is going to win between Frank Martin and John Wick?
A united Earth has 5 years to build the biggest, most capable warship they can. What's the strongest force it can defeat?
Who would win, Darth Tyranus or Darth Bane?
Will the Russians be the cause of WWIII in light of their recent activities?
Who would win this punch-up: Super Vegito vs SS2 Kefla?
Who would win a fight between a black-belted Karate champion and a black-belted Kung Fu champion?
my little ponies vs care bares!
Who would win in a fight between Ellen Ripley and Vasquez?
Who would win in a fight, Gajeel or Batman?
How would society react during WW3?
Who would win in a war between Myanmar and Thailand?
Who'd win, Rhino vs Bull/Horse hybrid?
Weakest character/skillset that could beat a tiger in unarmed combat?
Who would win, /u/spez has really fucked up this time, and now every single reddit user is collectively bloodlusted. Can the US government save him?
Who would win in a fight, Danny Phantom or Steven Universe?
Can an average human kill a cheetah in a fight?
20 lions versus 30 wolves: Who would come out on top?
Who would win this combat: Two Grizzly Bears vs. a Hippo?
China: Who would win the battle between xiongnu and mongol army?
King Shark VS Namor, leading the Street Sharks
Who would win a fight between Black Panther and Hulk?
What sort of military past prior to entering the executive have US Presidents had throughout history?
Who would win this combat: Mr. Incredible vs Wonder Woman?
Who is the strongest person that my Super Villian could beat?
Who'd win, GOT and LOTR smackdown?
Who'd win, Polar Bear vs Kangaroo?
Who'd win, Team 7 and Shichibukai vs Nappa and Vegeta?
Who would win this match: Octodad vs. Hank?
Who would come out on top out of Jack Jack vs Galactus, and why?
Who would win, Yamcha vs Kuwabara?
Who would win Lelouche or Yagami light
If there was a war between India and Peru, which would win?
What if the US had 4 million AR15s and 470k M249s in WW2 , with the blueprints and ammo needed?
Who would win this duel: Dust-Sized Goku with Severe Asthma VS Goku-Sized Dust with Sentience?
Bat man vs. Bat Man vs. Batman: Who would win?
A war between demigods and wizards would result in which side winning?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character/Setting Discussion - Week 19: Spooky Scary Edition!
Jackie Chan with the horse and the bull talisman v. Wolverine: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this fight: Daredevil vs. Ant-Man?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Blue Whalipede vs The Animal Kingdom, and why?
The Doctor is in a room with three humans. He will be in this room for two hours. By the time he walks out, he must believe humanity is not worth saving.
You vs 1000 Hostile Cats. Can you survive? Who would win?
If the Romans fought the Zulus, who would win?
If two guys were to race to a far away planet, let's call it Planet X, and Guy 1 were to travel at the speed of light and Guy 2 were to travel at twice the speed of light, then who would win this race?
Europe is the birth place of two world wars. Will it also give birth to World War 3. What would Europe be like at the end of the war?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of mr.fantastic vs ant-man, and why?
Tai Lung vs. Lord Shen: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Absinthe vs Fry with Coffeeforce?
Do military expenditures build products that enhance anyone's quality of life?
What if all the Muslim countries decided to join North Korea and all of them declared war on the USA because of Trump's speech about Jerusalem?
Who would be the winner out of Redditor vs. an army of Janemba, and why?
Who would win out of Crocodile vs. Magellan, and why?
What strategies could Donald Trump use to win a general election race against Hillary Clinton?
Who would win a battle between John Constantine and Mephisto?
Who would be victorious out of Elves vs Dwarves...Battle of the Two Armies, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Spider-Man or Black Lightning?
Who would win the war between the the countries left to the Europe vs the countries right to the Europe?
Who would win out of Thor vs Wonder Woman, and why?
Take 100 Marines, 100 SEALS, 100 Rangers, and 100 Green Berets and put them in a battle against 400 Imperial Storm Troopers. Equal weapons for both sides. Who comes out on top?
Who would win, Piccolo vs Martian Manhunter "Last Martian"?
Who would win, Vergil or Toshiro Hitsugaya?
Who would win this brawl: Michael Scott VS Tobias Fünke?
Where does The Horned King stand in the great pantheon of animated Disney villains?
Wolverine vs Rhino: Who would claim victory?
If the US declared war on China, would Russia come to China's defense?
My Professor made these fights up in class because no one really pays attention to the subject. Who wins?
Jedi Younglings vs. Sand People: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, 11 silverback gorillas and a Gorilla Bear Hybrid vs a 13 ton T Rex?
Who would win: An orca or a great white shark?
Who'd win, Street Sharks VS Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
If it is often said that life is a race, then who actually wins the race?
In a fight to the finish between Vietnam and Taliban who will win?
If you become accustomed to an unpleasant circumstance, have you then defeated it, or has it defeated you?
Who would win in a fight between Lord Voldemort and Darth Vader?
Who would be the victor out of Joker vs. Seal Team 6, and why?
If Russia invades the Baltic states, would it trigger World War III?
What would World War III look like? How will we know if a multinational conflict is, in fact, as big a deal as WWI or II?
Who would win in a free for all battle between all of the F.R.I.E.N.D.S
In a fight between 3 elite forces, the MARCOS, para commandos and NSG,who would win the fight?
Would an invasion on Iran trigger WW3?
What would happen if Brazil declares war on Indonesia?
Who would win, Todo vs Great Stamp?
Who would win, Bruce Banner or Bruce Banner?
Who would win the fight, 10,000 Roman legionaries or 300 Navy Seals who'd time traveled ala the Terminator?
You gain powers based on the animals you have eaten, what's the strongest character you can beat? Who would win?
Can Link, the Hero of Time, successfully escort Laura Kinney throughout his games?
Who would win, Great white vs orca...without the orca's size advantage?
Odin has been reduced into a mortal being, right after creating 90000000000001 Shreks. He needs to take over as many worlds can he take your favorite world over?
Who would be the champion out of Water vs the sun, and why?
An african elephant, a rhino, and a bengal tiger vs. a tyrannosaurus.
Who would win out of Sakura Vs Hulk, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and Bugs Bunny?
You vs Raptors Who would win?
Who would win, Batman versus Galactus?
Noctis Lucis Caelum vs. Shirou Emiya: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Which one will win if a battle happens between the PL-01 and the T-14 Armata?
How likely is World War 3 with Trump in the office?
Who would win in a war between an army of Aztec Jaguar warriors and an army of Norwegian vikings?
If the Batman asked to bear the burden of the One Ring, could he be entrusted, as a man, to keep it safe or destroy it?
Who has more of a chance to win, Floyd Mayweather versus Connor McGregor?
If there is a continental war between all the 7 continents of the world, which continent would win?
What would win in a fight, a bobcat or a jaguar?
Who would win in a bare-knuckle brawl: Cable vs. Winter Soldier?
Is WW3 in some month? Who will do it, Trump, Kim, or Sinjo? Will India participate in this?
If the Monkey King fought against X Men or Avengers, who would win?
Who'd win in a battle between the UK police force and a Viking raiding party?
Who would win, SSJ Cabba vs The Assassin Hit?
Who would win in air combat, the Ivory Coast or North Korea?
Who would win this duel: Akatsuki vs 7 Warlords?
If Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne had 2 weeks to devise the anti-suits of each other, who would win?
Do you think a 3rd World War will begin between the Western nations and Islamic countries in the next 20 years? If yes, which side should India take? Who will win at the end of the conflict?
How long would North America last in an all out war against the rest of the world?
If King Kong really fought a T. rex, who would win?
Who would win this fight: EU Sidious vs 616 Thanks?
Who would win in a fight between Kevin Mcalister from Home Alone 1 and 2, and Alex Pruitt from Home Alone 3 in a battle of wits and traps?
Who would win, Luke Skywalker in an X-Wing vs Fox in an Arwing?
Who would win in a fight between Worldbreaker Hulk and Thanos in a fist fight?
Which nation would win in the race to Mars?
Who would win in a battle between a single Chinese Type 055 destroyer and the whole navy of Argentina?
How many Lobsters would you need to defeat Thor in combat?
If South Africa had to have a civil war, who would side with who and who would win?
Chosen One from Kung-Fu Hustle vs Kung-Fu Panda: Who would be the winner?
What would happen if all former European colonies declare war on the western Europe? All other countries are neutral. Who would win and why?
Who'd win, The Capitol has kidnapped the heroes of other universes and made them fight in the 100th Quarter Quell?
In a banter competition including all of Marvel and DC, which superhero would come in last place?
Who would win a fight between Black Widow and Lara Croft?
Who would win in a war between Pakistan and Iraq?
Who would win out of Vampire Hunter D vs Wolverine & Cyclops, and why?
Who'd win, Ladybug and Cat Noir vs Ash and Greninja?
Who would win this battle: Bat-Family vs YAMI?
Are you one of those Pakistanis who think Pakistan won all the wars against India?
Who would win in a battle between Superman One Million and Jean Grey?
Who would win this duel: Percy Jackson vs Harry Potter?
Who would win a war between the United Kingdom and South Korea?
Who would win, ISIS vs. North Korea?
Who'd win, The Borg VS The Empire?
Who would win, Deez Nuts or Waka Flocka Flame for President 2016?
Who would win in a war between ants and termites?
If the Imperium of Man fought E.E. Smith's Civilization, which would win?
Who is the weakest character that COULD simply just walk to Mordor?
Who would win in a fight between Galactus and Onslaught?
Who would win Naruto or luffy and Natsu?
Who would be the victor out of Spider-man Vs. Barack Obama, and why?
The Colossus' v. Titans
Who will win if war broke ou between Kenya and Uganda?
Could Rhino beat the Juggernaut?
Who wins in a war between 1950s USSR vs Nazi Germany?
If websites had armies in real life, mirroring their users, who would win in an all out war?
Do bony knuckles provide an advantage in a fight?
Movie Whiplash from Iron Man 2 vs Doctor Octopus from Sam Raimi Spider-Man: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, A Pack of Hungry Wolfs vs A Pack of Hungry Hyenas?
Homunculi VS your pick of seven characters from the Avatar universe: Who would be the champion?
You get in the taxi and say you want to go to Waterloo. Instead of the station, he takes you to the battle. Who would win?
Who would win, The ULTIMATE Power Armor Throw down. 10 enter, 1 leaves. You decide who and how?
Who would win this combat: Colossus vs. Rhino?
Red Robin runs a Bat-Gauntlet
Hand to hand combat, no guns no "magics"
Who would win, The Indominus Rex Versus Various Rifle Calibers?
Who would win, Naruto or Lee?
Who would win: Count Dooku and General Grievous versus Mace Windu, Agen Kolar, Saesee Tiin and Kit Fisto?
If there was a battle between the graduates of School of Hogwarts and graduates of Starfleet Academy using what they were taught in school, who do you think will win?
If Delaware and Kaliningrad shared a border, who would win a war between these two powers?
Who would win in a match between Bill Goldberg and Undertaker?
Was it possible to wear robes or other long/loose clothing into combat? Could you still fight in it effectively?
Who would win, Black Panther vs. White Tiger?
What would happen if a presidential candidate died after winning the nomination of their party or had to bow out of the race?
Who would win in a fight: Batman or Green Lantern?
Who would win, a Silverback Gorilla, or Thanos with the brain of cartoon character Chowder?
Is World War 3 going to happen? If so, which are going to be the main countries involved?
Who will win in a fight between Electro and Sasuke Uchiha?
Who would win this duel: Red Hulk now has the powers of Ghost Rider and the Venom symbiote . Who is the strongest character that he can beat?
Who'd win, Mayonnaise vs Mayonnaise w/rice?
Strongest in Smash
Ultimate Battle World Crossover
Who'd win, Guts and Batman vs Black Panther and Ultimate Captain America?
Suddenly, everyone older than 10, disappears. Can the kids make it? For how long? Will the human race survive?
Who'd win in a fight, DC's Rampage or Marvel's She-Hulk?
Who would win in a fight: Zatanna vs Scarlet Witch, and why?
Fire Lord Ozai vs. Spider-man: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight between a man with no arms and a man with no legs?
If a WW3 is started, would such a major global conflict be considered a "just" war?
If Imperial Rome & Han China were neighbours, how would a war between the two play out?
You in your prime vs your dad in his prime Who would win?
Lady Sif vs Sif the Great Grey Wolf: Who would be victorious?
What anime character would win in a fight between Naruto and Gon Freecss?
Who would win a war between the Portuguese Empire vs the Spanish Empire in 1730 and without allies?
Who'd win in a fight Goku or Light Yagami?
Who would win in a fight between the Galactic Empire and the Federation?
What 'regular' or enhanced humans could beat Deathstroke?
Fate/Zero but each Servant's power is directly proportional to how famous they are in real life
Who'd win, Sonic the Hedgehog VS Saitama?
Who wins in a battle between Kylo Ren and Darth Maul? Is it even close?
Who would win in a war between the Mongols, led by Genghis Khan, and the European army, led by Ramsey Bolton?
How will Superman win if his powers can be absorbed at long range fights, and worse at full contact brawl? I just can't see how Superman will win if his opponent is as strong as him and acts as an energy vacuum cleaner.
Who would win, A Grizzly Bear vs A Gorrilla?
Who would be victorious out of Brainiac vs Kang the Conqueror vs Ultron, and why?
You as a ghost vs. An imposter that's stolen your body Who would win?
48 average soldiers from every country of the world fight each other. Which countries are last to stand?
Who would win, The Mask vs Black Panther?
Who would win in a war between Iran and Turkey without NATO intervening?
You with a claymore sword vs an adult male lion Who would win?
Who'd win, Axe Cop Vs. Kim Jong Un?
Who would win this brawl: The wolf from "Little Red Riding Hood" Vs. the wolf from "The Three Little Pigs"?
Why did American politicians never try to stop and find the win-win solutions for the problems between them before the American Civil war erupted?
Who would win in a war between Armenia and Turkey?
In a hypothetical war between the NATO, EU, Commonwealth, etc. vs Russia/China; who would win?
Who would win: Thor, God of Thunder VS Khonshu, God of Vengeance
Will World War 3 hit England badly?
Who would win in a battle between Dr Manhattan and Franklin Richards?
Who would win in a conventional war between the US and India vs China and Pakistan?
What happens if peace treaty between Israel and Egypt been broken? Will it be war? If it's which side is going to win it?
Real-world humans can attain the Super Saiyan transformation. Which human is the strongest?
Who will win a fight, the Godzilla 2017 model or King Kong 2016?
Jurassic Park dinosaurs vs actual dinosaurs: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight to the death, The Doctor or Thanos?
Who would claim victory out of American Small Mammals vs Australian Small Mammals, and why?
Who'd win, Talion vs. Gotham City?
Which car would win a race: the Porsche Boxster or the Tesla Roadster?
Who would win a fight between an anaconda and a tiger?
What should you do if suddenly war breaks out?
Android 18 vs Wonder Woman
Who would win in a battle between Clayface and Sandman?
Did any civilian air passenger services operate between combatant and neutral zones in Europe in WWII? Were any ever attacked?
7 ft squirrel vs lion: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a war between Afghanistan and Somalia?
Who would win, Kakashi and Obito vs Madara and Itachi?
Who would win this battle: Marvel Peak Humans vs DC Peak Humans?
Who would win a fight between a male lion and a silver back gorilla?
How many bare handed naked male adult humans would be needed to take down an adult male Siberian tiger in it's prime?
Who would win this battle: Corvo Attano VS Talion?
Who'd win, Donald Trump and Marco Rubio vs. Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton in a game of CharDee MacDennis?
Who'd win, Link vs Ghost Rider?
What's the most dangerous animal you can kill if it suddenly appeared in your shower?
Spider-Man with baseball bats for legs VS Spider-Man with baseball bats for arms: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a war between Colombia and Brazil?
Can Li Shang Make a Man out of Shinji Ikari?
Who would win in a fight between an average-sized human and ten raccoons?
Who would win out of Guy Fieri vs Papa John, and why?
Who would come out on top out of Jesus Christ Vs. Darkseid, and why?
Who would win, 20 T-Rex vs 10,000 chickens?
Who would win in a fight, a fully grown male African lion or two adult male Komodo dragons?
Who would win, Paul Atreides Vs Space Marine?
Who would win if Venom and The Hulk fought?
Who would win in a fight between John McClane from Die Hard and Bryan Mills from Taken?
Who would win a war between Britain and Germany-France if NATO refused to intervene?
Who'd win, Magneto vs. the Borg?
Who would win a fight between a Rottweiler and a boar?
Cris Johnson vs The Prince trade places: Who would be the winner?
Batman and Nightwing vs Captain America and Black Panther: Who would win?
Why is every third question on Quora about WW3 breaking out?
Who would come out on top out of Wolfpaladin vs an actual Wolf Paladin, and why?
Who would win in a fight between a Rhino and a polar bear?
High-Street-Level Tourney: Round 3
Kirk Lazarus vs. Heath Ledger: Who would be victorious?
Who'd win, Pam Poovey vs Snowflame?
What if Kirk and Khan fought hand to hand in “Wrath of Khan” like they did in “Space Seed”? Who would win, after 15 years apart?
Who would have won the fight between Hercules and Achilles?
45 people gain powers based off of the 45 songs in the original Rock Band. Who would win in a fight?
If Gordon Gekko and Jordan Belfort were both given orange lantern rings who who win a battle to the death?
Who would win in a fight between a bull and a horse?
Who would win in a fight, Kratos or Deathstroke?
Who would win this war: Mythological Zeus VS God Emperor of Man?
Who'd win, Goliath VS Man-Bat?
Who would win this punch-up: Wolverine vs Honey Badger?
Featured Character: Kazuma Kiryu
How did guns come to dominate the battlefield? Sure, a modern firearm has great accuracy, rate of fire, and penetration, but how did its 14th century ancestors so impress the military leaders such that it wasn't a technological no-go from the start?
Inquisitor Sand Dan Glokta vs Honorious Jorg Ancrath: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Ghost Rider or Hydro Man?
All ants are now immune to pesticides and poisons. They now want to take over the world. Can we stop them?
Eren and Mikasa Vs. Giant Man: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Discussion: Hulk; Limits and Weaknesses?
Who would win in a battle between Darth Maul and Darth Bane vs Kit Fisto and Mace Windu?
Who would win, Deadshot or Batman?
Instead of Peter Parker, that radioactive spider bit a Sabertooth Tiger. Who's weakest that could stop it?
Who would win in a fight, Venom or Baby?
How long should you wait between bone conditioning for combat sessions, such as conditioning shins, forearms and fists?
Who would win in a war between Germany and France without NATO intervention?
Who would win in a fight, Harry Potter or Logan?
Who would win, Nosferatu Zodd "The Immortal" vs. Rigardo "The Silver-Eyed Lion King"?
Help me settle a bet please. Which weapon has a higher Rate of Fire. A Bolt action or a lever action rifle?
How far would Pinky and the Brain get in the 2016 Presidential Election?
If Captain America were somehow teleported to the bottom of the ocean, could he make it out of the water alive?
Who do you think would win in a battle between Lord Beerus and Superman?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and Grand Priest of DBS?
Jessica Jones in a fight to the death with Wonder Woman. Would Diana let her last more than five minutes?
Who will win in a fight, Kenshiro or Hulk?
Is there any possibility of any war between India and China over land dispute? If it happens, who will win?
Who will win the 2017 smartphone battle between Pixel or iPhone?
MMA GOATs Run a Gauntlet
Superman v Kirby in Hot Dog Eating Contest
Who'd win, Shadow the Hedgehog vs the League of Villains?
Tywin Lannister becomes the Second-in-command of your favourite historical leader. What problems does Tywin help solve, avert, and deal with that actually happened in said historical leader's reign: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this combat: Ego vs Wonder Woman?
What are the chances of WW3 happening with the current tensions with Russia?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Vegeta?
Without radar or planes who would win a fight between Yamato and Mississippi?
Who would win in a battle, Godzilla or Dark Dragon?
Featuring: Asura
Who'd win, Tony Stark vs. a real life congressional hearing regarding ownership of his Iron Man suit?
Read a comic where Surtur was eternally deadlocked with Odin. Who else can be forever locked in combat with the Allfather?
If the USA were to be attacked right now, what would New Zealand do?
Who would win in a fight, Bender or Rick Sanchez?
Dog type Battle Royale
Who would win, Kevin 11 as Diamondhead vs Batman?
Oliver Queen before the boat incident vs Bruce Wayne before he became Batman vs Barry Allen before he was struck by lightning vs Hal Jordan before he got the ring: Who would be the victor?
Iron man vs Batman: Who would win?
Archer and Lana vs Rick Sanchez and Morty Smith
Who would win, Darth Sidious vs Jar Jar Binks?
Who would win, Captain America vs Bloodlusted Blue Whale?
Who'd win, Elsa's parents are actually rational and teach her to have some control on her powers rather than keeping them hidden. Who can she beat?
Weakest movie character who can beat Thanos in a boxing match?
When racing, is oversteering or understeering worse for your chances of winning?
Did it for the nookie
What charecter that traditionally has both hands would be leat effected by the loss of their dominant arm and who is the strongest they could beat without their dominant arm?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between the Los Zetas and the Camorra Clans?
How many copies of Ant Man would it take to beat Thor ?
Who would win, freddy vs Jason vs mike myers?
Who would win a war between the Pathans and Gorkhas?
Hela vs DCEU gods: Who would win?
Spider-man is in Pallet Town. How close can he get to the Elite Four if he himself has to fight each pokemon he comes up against? .
Who would win in a fight, Gohan or Naruto?
Could you explain in terms of geopolitics why Qatar is politically isolated?
Battle of the fliers! Who is the best pilot in fiction?
Who would win a duel between Chatrapatti Shivaji Maharaj and King Leonidas with similar army strenght and similar technology just different battle tactics accordng to the personalities?
Who do you think will win in a fight of Goku and Vegito?
Who would win in a fight between Chhota Bheem and Goku?
Who would win, Merlin or Dumbledore?
You, with the last 3 weapons you've used in video games vs Every animal in a mile radius, except 5 times bigger Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of 3 Raider II class Corvette's VS 1 Paris Class Heavy Frigate, and why?
Who would win this match: The bat family vs the kingsmen?
How did the tortoise win the race?
Who would win in a war between Lichenstein and the Vatican?
Who would win in a war between Kenya and Ethiopia?
Is there any way a human could defeat a grizzly bear in a fight without a weapon or other implement?
How long would it take Rick Sanchez to overthrow the Galactic Empire at the height of it's power?
Who would win this brawl: Kaguya and the Juubi vs. Yhwach and Mimihagi?
Who would win a fight between The Flash and The Runner?
Who would win if The Ultimate Warrior and Hulk Hogan fought in real life in their prime?
I want to have an Imaginary War.
All of the horses on Earth vs. All of the ants on Earth
X-Men : Who would win in a war between mutants and humans?
Were the 2 German 800 mm big artillery pieces really that necessary in the Siege of Sevastopol? Could the Wehrmacht have defeated the Red Army at Sevastopol without the weapons?
Who would win is a war between the USSR and the European Union, other parties not involved? Suppose the EU as of now and the USSR as of 1986-87.
Which Avenger has the best dad?
Who would win in a nice-off: Mr. Rogers or Bob Ross.
Who would you support in a war between China and India?
Who would win: Thanos, Darkseid, or Apocalypse?
If the Marvels, DC and Xmen fought, who would win?
Iron Bull vs the Clegane brothers: Who would win?
Who will win the fight between team Thor, Hulk and doctor strange vs rest of Avengers including guardians of Galaxy?
Who wins the race, BSE or NSE?
Who will win in a battle between Gabe Newell and Segata Sanshiro?
Who would win the war between Israel and Vietnam?
Who would win in a battle between Shih Huang Di's army and the combined armies of Caesar and Pompey?
What was the stab in the back in World War I?
Professional fighters, what do you think during a fight?
Who would win, MCU’s Thanos or Yamcha?
Who would win in a fight, Mario, Kirby, or Sonic?
You wake up, and it's June 16th, 2015. Trump has just announced that he's running for President. can you prevent him from taking the Oval Office? Who would win?
Can You Survive Pouring a Ziploc Bag of Sand on Darth Vader?
Who would win the Persian army that had fought the 300 or Hannibal’s army that invaded Rome?
How will a trade war between the USA, Canada, and Mexico most likely end?
Who would win this punch-up: Indian Leopard vs Marsupial Lion?
Luchador Chimp vs Boxing Kangaroo: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Raiden and Blade Wolf run a Jaeger Gauntlet?
What if all bad-guy teams in each region came and fought each other, who would win?
Who would win out of The entire UFC roster vs a rhino, polar bear, tiger and gorilla, and why?
Which is better between Les Mills Combat and Les Mills Pump?
What do people that dealt with both tigers and lions think of a hypothetical fight between these two beasts?
What happens if the next civil war is Democrats vs Republicans? By 2067.
Who will win in an anime crossover battle between Saijaku Muhai no Bahamut characters VS chaos; head characters? Why?
Every Prime Minister of Canada versus 114 badgers, 8 mushrooms, and 2 snakes
Will America want war with North Korea and Pakistan?
Who would win, Hippo vs grizzly bear?
Who would claim victory out of Spiderman and his Rouges are dropped into the Star Wars universe, and why?
Who would win, Trump's America vs Hillary's America ?
Everyone in this list of random characters runs for US president, who does the best?
Who would claim victory out of The covenant vs the Galatic Empire, and why?
Who would win in Thor versus a Borg cube?
What point in all of fiction made you ant to put down what you were doing, remove your shirt and arm wrestle a grizzly bear?
Who'd win, Ren & Stimpy vs Bugs Bunny?
Who would win this punch-up: 25 Tiger tanks vs an M1 Abrams tank?
General Grievous vs Zabuza Momochi: Who would be the winner?
How many orcs would it take to kill Aragorn in a straight up fight?
Who would win, Gon from Greed Island Arc vs Batman from Superman/Batman: Public Enemies?
My Team of Characters vs Your Team of Characters #However many times this has been done.
Who would win a war between Lord Vishnu and his ten incarnations?
Who would win in a battle between 50 US Marines and 50 USAF Security Forces members?
Who'd win, MCU Captain America and Black Panther vs Tar Goroth?
Who has a chance to win in the listening platform race to beat Radian6?
Stan Lee gets all the powers of every character he's created. Who's the strongest he can beat?
Your favorite character VS this team of made-up characters
Every former US President has been resurrected in the modern world. Who wins the election?
Which will do more damage to humans: A house cat with the size of a German Shepherd or a rat of a similar size?
Who would win out of Nami and Robin vs Kimimaro, and why?
Why did Thanos win?
The Avengers versus the Vorlons of Babylon 5 - who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Anakin Skywalker or Darth Vader?
Who would win in a fight between Ivan Tregear and Matthew Bates?
Who would win in a fight, Kid Goku or Naruto?
Who would win, Larfleeze vs Atrocitous?
What will it take for a Non-Democratic candidate to win the 2018 California Governor's race?
Who would win in a fight between Tarzan and Sherlock Holmes? Why?
Who'd win, 10 humans vs 1 fully grown male Ankylosaurus?
Your country's special forces replaces SEAL Team 6 in Osama Bin Laden raid.
If Sombra and Spy were in a battle, who would win?
What will happen with Indian people living in China at present, if a war breaks out between India and China?
Who would win in a war between Vatican City, Monaco, San Marino, Luxembourg, Liechtenstein, Andorra, Costa Rica, Antigua and Barbuda and Sealand without any allies or assistance?
Who would win, Wolverine vs Black Panther?
Who would win in a fight, Luke Skywalker or Wolverine?
Who would win, 1 million lions versus New York City?
Who would win in a war between the US and Panem?
Superman campaigns for president but wait....whos he running against? NANANANANNANANANANAN BATMAN
Genos gauntlet
Who would win in a fight between Whitebeard and original Shichibukai?
Who'd win, Marvel vs Naruto?
Who'd win, Malcolm Reynolds and the Serenity crew are now replaced with Frank Reynolds and the Always Sunny Gang?
Who would win in a fight, Starfire or She-Hulk?
Japanese Pearl Harbor attacking fleet against these modern fighter jets
Who would win, controlled SSJI Trunks or hyper-suppressed Goku Black?
Your Favorite Character is now the mayor of an Animal Crossing town
Who is the weakest Marvel/DC character who could defeat Anomander Rake in single combat?
Ghost Rider vs. Juggernaut: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Kenpachi Zaraki vs Might Guy?
If the RAF and the USAF fought, who would win?
Can your favorite characters* survive in Jurassic Park?
Who would win, Three African Lions vs A Grizzly Bear?
Turkeys vs Turkey, in the style of the Great Emu War: Who would be the victor?
How would an MMA fighter fare against a Spartan soldier in hand to hand combat?
If there is a battle between the Shinobi from the anime "Naruto" and the whole "Dragon-Ball Z" gang, who would win?
How many Xenomorphs can Buzz Lightyear take in a fight?
Who would win in a war between end-of-WWII USA and USSR vs the rest of the end-of-WWII world?
Thanos drops down to Titan to collect the time stone only to find...
Who would win in a battle between the NYPD and the Napoleonic French Army?
Who would win in a battle: James Bond versus the Cooper Gang?
Who would win, Thanos or Darksied?
Who would win, Mass Effect races without reapers vs Terran Dominion?
Who'd win, Sniper Wolf vs Quiet?
Can your character defeat all of the DC ladders?
Who would win in a fight between Silver Surfer and Martian Manhunter?
Who would win in a battle between a black bear and a sloth bear?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand fight: Ben Affleck's Batman or Tom Hardy's Bane?
Who would win a war between Russia and the UK?
Can Turkey defeat US and Russia in the Middle East?
What if Mirko Cro Cop in his prime headkicked a silverback gorilla?
Who would win, The President of the United States vs. Mjolnir?
Who would win, Ribrianne or Kale?
Who would win in a fight, Mario or Naruto?
Who'd win, Mr. Krabs, Shrek, Barry Benson, Skeletor, Danny Devito and Captain Falcon team up to make the Meme avengers, who is the strongest person they can defeat?
Who'd win, Team Gai vs. Team Sand?
Who would win in a sword fight, Bjorn Ironside or Jon Snow?
Hive vs. HBase - Which one wins the battle? Which is used in which scenario?
Why do so many people get mad when other people claim that the United States was a main reason why the Allies won World War II?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Anakin Skywalker vs Han Solo, and why?
Who would win this war: stephen hawking versus christopher reeves after the accident?
Who would win, MCU Winter Soldier and MCU Captain America vs Cable?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Black Panther?
38 house-cats vs. one Elite: Who would win?
Could a conflict in Asia involve all major powers by treaty and lead to World War 3?
Who would win a war between ISIS and the IRA?
10 drugged men vs 1 adult male silverback gorilla: Who would claim victory?
Who is the weakest character that can defeat a bloodlusted Magic School Bus piloted by a bloodlusted Ms. Frizzle?
If there were no gods involved in an all-out struggle, who wins: Marvel or DC?
Who will win this arms race currently going on between the so-called superpowers, e.g. America, Russia, Israel, China and others?
Is there a name for the combat technique performed in the video in the source below between the times 1:11 and 1:23?
Who'd win, Itou Kaiji vs. Dark Yugi?
A bunch of identical humans each get one of Spider-Man's powers. Who wins?
Who would have the edge out of BB-8 vs R2-D2, and why?
Assuming every province of Canada declared war on each other, which would win?
How many Bear Grylls would it take to defeat an actual Bear?
Who would win in a battle between Sephiroth from Final Fantasy 7, and Kuja from Final Fantasy 9?
Who would win, Anarky vs Vigilante?
If there's a possible war between North Korea and USA, who do you think will win and why?
Who would win this fight: Bigby Wolf vs Fenris?
Who'd win, The nine tailed fox vs Leviathan?
Who would win, Gandalf the White vs Albus Dumbledore?
Who would win in a fight between Cap and Hulk?
Who would win in a death battle between Yato vs Shinichi Izumi vs Ken Kaneki?
Who would win a fight between The Avengers and Hela?
How does trash talking affect your opponent in a fight?
Vector the Crocodile vs Accelerator: Who would have the edge?
Who would win this fight: Five KKK members carrying torches vs The Hound?
For some reason, all other countries disappear. What's left is Mexico, South Africa, Romania, North Korea and Spain.
Who would win, Batman or Batman with the Mobius Chair?
Who would claim victory out of Black Panther vs Blade, and why?
Sans vs. Ness. Who would win?
If all fruits go to war, who is likely to win?
A Honey badger vs a Tasmanian devil: Who would have the edge?
Who would win a war between the United Kingdom and France, assuming no help from other countries?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Juggernaut?
Who would win, Terra vs Lightning?
Who would win a war between: Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan vs. Iran, Iraq, Syria?
Who would win in a war between the countries left of Greenwich and the countries right of Greenwich?
Who would win, a striped hyena or the Indian leopard?
Who would win in a fight, a steampunk, cyberpunk or doompunk?
What will be the effect if there is a war between the USA and North Korea?
You and 7 pokemon run a gauntlet Who would win?
You VS Elephant seal Who would win?
Who will win: Elves or Centaurs?
Who would win: Predator or Darth Vader?
Amaterasu vs Wolf Link: Who would come out on top?
Negan vs Joker: Who would be the champion?
Could Dr. Strange defeat Superman?
We Didn't Start The Smackdown. Which of these factions win?
Who would win in a street fight, Scott Adkins or Michael Jai White?
Who would win in a sword fight between Jack Sparrow and Westley from The Princess Bride?
Swiper the Fox vs Sly Cooper
Who would win out of Prime Mike Tyson vs. Current Jon Jones, and why?
Who would win between a B-17 and Fokker TriPlanes?
Who would win: Magneto or Cosmic Armor Superman?
Those who served on US SSNs between 1970 and 1990: did the Metal ASW missile have a measurable impact on strategy/thinking? Was it a formidable weapon, or was it of negligible importance in ASW combat like the ASROC would become?
Who is the strongest character that Bender Rodriguez could defeat?
Lightning VS Dante
Could Syria become an inception point of WWIII?
Who would win this combat: The Bat Family vs Spiderman?
you have gained complete control over the entire animal kingdom Who would win?
Who would win, Bane vs Taskmaster?
Who would win in a fight, the Avengers or the combined military force of the world?
Who would win, a polar bear or a Siberian tiger?
Which Pokemon Generation reigns supreme?
Who would win, Pillar of Autumn vs. USS Discovery?
A Baseball game featuring two dream teams. Who wins?
In a battle between 250,000 Imperial Stormtroopers and 450,000 Vietnamese soldiers from 2030, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Hulk and Thor?
How do we tackle climate change with fresh water crisis to avoid world war III?
Who would win: Blue Marvel or Superman?
5 Average Humans vs a Bloodlusted Chimp: Who would be the winner?
What are the stories of battles won because of the strong intelligence instead of strong power?
What were World War One planes for, besides shooting down other planes? In movies and TV, the only purpose seems to be to get into dogfights with enemy aircraft. But then, why bother?
Who would win, Saitama or Ultra Instinct Goku?
Who would win this duel: Werewolf vs Vampire vs Alien vs Predator vs Terminator?
How can Superman win in a race against The Flash?
Who will win in a battle between Thor and Iron Man?
Who would win, Z fighters vs Superman clones?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Abraham Lincoln:Vampire Hunter Vs Edward and Bella Cullen, and why?
Who would win this battle: Walter White vs The Joker?
One Punch Man vs Squirrel Girl: Who would be victorious?
Tony Pulis' Stoke City versus Pep Guardiola's Barcelona. Who would win and why?
Could any team of historical/fictional characters lead Belgium to hold off Germany at the start of WWI?
master chief from halo and smash brothers vs darth vader from star wars: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a soldier and an MMA fighter?
Who'd win, Male African bull elephant vs 80 liters of Bourbon?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Shredder?
Your Favorite Character runs an NBA-team themed gauntlet.
Who would win, Phantom Troupe vs Zoldyick Family?
Obamacare now gives Obama a regeneration factor who is the strongest foe he can defeat
Who would come out on top out of Torvosaurus vs Stegosaurus, and why?
Takamura Mamoru runs a Gauntlet of current boxing champions.
Serious question. Who would win in a fight to the death: Bruce lee, or a 5'10 grizzly bear as defined by some co workers?
Who will win in a fight between The Flash and Ichigo Kurosaki?
Clifford the Big Red Dog vs. Eren Jaeger: Who would win?
As an American born Chinese, which side will you support in a hypothetical Sino-American war?
Who would win between Susanō and Mr. Satan?
Is a Great War coming between the West and its opponents?
In the new episode of Flash, who really wins the battle between Arrow and Flash?
Who would win, Bat-Family vs Spider-Man/Iron Man?
Who would win this duel: A man who can summon and control1000 sea snakes at will that 'swim' through the air like it was water. Strongest character he can beat?
Who is the most famous/popular superhero among children aged 5-10 years?
What ship can face the sunny go in naval combat?
Who would win in a fight: Bud Spencer vs. Bruce Lee?
Who would win, MCU Thanos vs Vegeta?
Who would be victorious out of Supreme Kai's vs Beerus, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Doomsday and Marvel's Zeus?
Who would win, Dr. Octopus vs The Lizard?
SEAL Team Six has a new mission - Take out Joseph Stalin
All 23 Prime Ministers of Canada vs. The last 23 American Presidents
Who would win in a battle to the death? Joker or The Riddler?
Who would win, SS Blue Kefla or SSJ4 GT Vegito?
Who would win in the fight between a spinosaurus and a mosasaur?
What if the 1983 Soviet missile false alarm went undetected, and the USSR and the US went into an accidental nuclear war?
Men vs Women - who would win?
Have you ever gotten into a fight?
The Emperor takes over for the God-Emperor. How quickly does he win the War on Chaos?
Who would win: a UFC champion with forks for fingers, Luke Skywalker without his saber, Jet Li or 3 angry orcas on powered golf cart wheels?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Manhattan and Chuck Norris? Why?
Who'd win, Serena Williams vs. North Korea?
Who would win, Piccolo or Tien Shinhan?
Which tank would win in a one-on-one battle - the German Tiger or the M1 Abrams?
Who do you think will win the big race toward a production solid state battery for electronics, appliances, and cars?
Scrooge McDuck Vs. Shovel Knight: Who would be the champion?
Who is the single most useless human being on all of fiction
What is it like to defeat the US military in armed conflict?
Who would win out of Rachel Dolezal's blackface vs Robert Downey Jr. in Tropic Thunder's blackface, and why?
Donald Trump V. Joe Biden
What would happen if the United States lost the Cold War and became Communist?
Who would win, All Might in his prime vs Billy Batson in his Shazam form?
Who would win between the Land before Time Gang versus The Indominus Rex? Setting is in a jungle area near a cliffside.
Who'd win, Metal Bat vs Guts?
Who would win out of Fox Deadpool vs. CW Deathstroke, and why?
In Game of Thrones, how would Dany's dragons differentiate between groups of people in combat with each other? Are they safe fight alongside an army?
Who would win in a fight, Gon or Sonic?
Who would win in a fight, Kurama or Godzilla?
Mystic gohan vs superman: Who would win?
King Shark VS Rhino
Who would win if exponents of Wushu , Taekwondo and Karate fought?
Who would win in a fight between Reaper and one of the Nazgul?
Who would win in a fight between Neil Patrick Harris and Justin Timberlake?
What would happen in a fight between Anakin and Neji Hyuga?
Who would win in a fight between a domestic cat and a klipspringer?
All US States go to War. Which one wins the Free-For-All?
Who would win this fight: The Justice League and The Avengers compete in getting One Punch Man to join their team and to take being a hero seriously?
Should Israel take in Syrian refugees?
Do you think a convicted felon could win a presidential race, provided that he was open about his past?
Who would win, Vados or Golden Frieza with his power decreasing?
Who is the Weakest God that can play through the God of War series without dying?
Could Gandalf have defeated the Watcher in the Water?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Blade vs. Lestat, and why?
Can Adam Putnam win the Florida governor race?
Who would win, Sonic the Werehog or Super Sonic?
Who would win in a rap battle between Allen Kinney and Kanye West?
Who would win a fight between Nate Diaz and Khabib Nurmagomedov?
Who would win this combat: Elephant vs rhinoceros?
Mountain Gorilla vs Walrus: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, "the 12 Chairman" Issac Netero or "King of the Chimera Ants" Meruem?
Who would win this punch-up: A faster speed of light, and its effects on combat ability?
Who would win, Lone Wolf McQuade vs Lone Starr vs Han Solo?
Goku vs God: Who would win?
What gives you more satisfaction, a sloppy win or a well-fought loss?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and Naga Sadow?
Who'd win, Saphira, Alduin, Smaug, Mushu, and Thorn V.S. Eragon, Dovahkiin, Mulan, Bilbo, and Murtagh?
Who would win in an arena where Khal Drogo, Jorah, Daario and Jon Snow are fighting? Who will die first and who will win?
Who'd win, Fire vs Acid?
Who would win: Kim Kardashian vs fully grown Canadian lynx?
Who'd win, A bloodlusted Bengal Tiger versus a Bloodlusted Polar bear in a neutral arena. Win by kill?
\ vs /: Who would claim victory?
Who's the weakest human character that could enjoy 5lbs of sugar-free Haribo gummy bears?
Who'd win, Team Cartoon Network vs Team Nickelodeon 10vs10?
Who would win in a war between France and India?
Wonder Woman runs an MCU gauntlet
Would Trump supporters, or at least the people who voted for Trump, feel it is their duty to fight in a conflict he could hypothetically instigate?
Who would win if Europe went to war with Asia?
Who would be the victor out of Bigby Wolf vs Lung, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Astro Boy or Hulk?
It's a showdown between Teddy Roosevelt and Vladimir Putin. Who are you 'Putin' your money on?
Who would win in a fight Al Queda or the Viet Cong?
Who would win, Superman from Justice League Gods and Monsters vs Doomsday?
California Sea Lion vs Gorilla: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Sideshow Bob vs Earl Sinclair: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a battle between Sauron and Spawn?
Who's the weakest non-boxer that can, with a baseball bat, KO prime Tyson?
Who would come out on top out of Dog Fight: Boomer vs Dogmeat vs D-Dog, and why?
Who would win, Venom vs. Rhino?
Enough with the damn downvotes
Who would win this duel: Mayonnaise vs. Mustard?
Who would win, Zim and GIR and Pinky and the Brain switch places, who does better in their respective worlds?
caused a single squirrel to turn the tide in a fight or battle of your choice, making the good guys lose and the bad guys win?
Who would win, Legion or Superman?
If the Confederacy was given 5000 M4 carbines with ammunition and trained how to use them, would they have won the Civil War?
Who would win in a fight, Zapdos or Zeus?
Who would be the winner out of Daredevil vs Ant-Man, and why?
Is talent important in F1 to win a race or is it just dependent on cars which are better and faster?
Wolverine gets bitten by a Vampire, Who's the weakest person who can kill him.
Who would win if Director Krennic and Grand Admiral Thrawn fought each other in a chess match?
Who would win in a fight between a Rhino and a Triceratops?
How can I win an unarmed fight against an opponent who is stronger than me?
Will South Korea collapse after a second Korean war? Will East Asia collapse?
Who would win, Vibe or The Flash?
If the Romans, Greeks, Byzantines, Ottomans and French empires fought, who would win?
Who would win in a rap battle between Hannah Watson and Shayan Yasir?
Who will win in a war between Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan?
Who would win between Doctor Strange, Wong and Scarlet Witch?
If all out war happens in all countries, who would go first, and who would go last?
Who'd win, Thor vs Ironman?
Who would have actually won the fight between Kong and the T-Rexes?
What would a war with a ruthless USA look like against the Middle East without using nukes?
Who would win in a one-on-one duel of Donnie Yen versus Jet Lee? I really want to see these answers.
If Maxime Bernier wins the Conservative Party leadership race, what would that mean for the party, considering Bernier's extreme neo-liberal agenda?
Who would win in this fight: Sauron vs. Voldemort vs. Palpatine?
Who will win in a war between Cuba and Jamaica? Why?
Who would win out of Levi Ackerman vs Smaug, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Guardians of the Galaxy vs. Assorted Star Wars Characters?
Who would win this combat: Barack Obama and Mitch McConnell are transported back in time to the constitutional convention?
If a 27yo Ali and a 27yo Jay Cutler fought to death with no weapon and no rule, who would win?
Who'd win, Deathstroke VS. The Punisher?
Who'd win, Rhino vs Hippo?
Who would win, LOTR vs GOT?
Who would win between Kefla and Android 21?
does get the infinity stones
Strongest opponent Rick Sanchez could defeat, starting with his bare hands, with absolutely no prep time.
Who would win this battle: Devilman vs Etrigan The Demon?
Who would win this battle: A five-year old, a blind man, an amputee, and a chimpanzee are given AK-47s and told to kill each other?
What is the strongest setting this sub could beat?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Eran Jaeger?
Who would win in a battle between Batfleck and Arkham Batman?
Who would be victorious out of The mercenaries of TF2, the troops of CS:GO, and the warriors of Skyrim are in the middle of a three-way war, and why?
How many hostile house cats would it take to kill you?
Who would win in a fight between a badger and a skunk?
DBZ Villains battle
My dad vs. your Dad in a fight to the death
Who'd win, McGuyver vs Bruce Wayne?
Which character has the highest coolness/combat effectiveness ratio? The lowest?
Who would come out on top out of Runescape Character vs. Wolverine, and why?
Who would win in a fight, vs
My grandson Nathaniel VS John Cena
Who would win this combat: Cell vs. Shadow?
Who would win in a war between the United States and Nazi Germany, both whom are technologically advanced?
Are there updated war scenarios on Quora about a hypothetical war between the US and North Korea?
Jonathan Joestar becomes a Vampire! Can Dio Brando master Hamon in time to stop him?
Who would win this battle: Luffy vs Jake the Dog?
Rogue vs. Wonder Woman: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Had the Marathas won the third battle of Panipat ,how much socially, politically, economically, and territorially different would current India be?
How angry and powerful does Hulk need to get to beat Buu?
Team of the Month: Dark Matter
All DC and Marvel heroes enter the one punch man universe and take the superhero exam. Based on the written part only who becomes the top hero?
Who would win this fight: Larry the Lobster VS Sea Bear?
Who would win in a fight, Shadow Kirby or Uub?
Who would win in a battle between 10000 xenomorphs and 1000 sentient tank missiles?
Who would win in a death fight between a full grown bloodlusted Andrewsarchus and a full grown bloodlusted Ivantosaurus ensifer?
Who would win, Goku Kaio-ken x2 or Hit? What if Goku does different Kaio-ken versions?
Amateur Hour - WhoWouldWin Character Awareness - Week 2
Who would win in a street fight, Tony Jaa or Jet Li?
If Germany at the height of its military power brought all of its military back to its own land, could it have ever been defeated without nuclear weapons?
Who would win, Werewolf Captain America VS. Vampire Batman?
Which is more useful in a fight at a party, boxing or muay thai?
Wall-E runs a gauntlet
You vs. Your SO/GF/BF - Both of you have zero prep Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Jill Valentine vs. Regina, and why?
If there was a war between programming languages, which would win and why? Which advantages would one have over another?
Who would win in a fight between Loki and Thor versus Dante and Virgil?
What about the USA and China? Who will win?
Who would win, Kratos vs. Wonder Woman?
How would a fight between Hulk and villgax be?
Who would win Batman or Iron Man
What Marvel character would win in a fight between Moon Knight and Captain America if it happens during a full moon?
Who will win in a fight between Darkseid and Thanos?
Who would win, A 12-story-tall amoeba vs A 10-story tall walrus with a gold grill?
The Street Sharks vs The Biker Mice From Mars: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Doomsday or Doomsday?
Who would win, Bolt vs Courage the Cowardly Dog?
In the event of World War III, which cryptocurrency would benefit the most?
Mario Bros. vs. Yoshi and Donkey Kong: Who would claim victory?
Who would have the edge out of Superman 10 Billion VS ... A lot of people, and why?
Spartan vs. CDU Special Forces from Old Man's War: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight, Sanji or Spider-Man?
In a hypothetical battle between Canada and Australia who would win?
Who would come out on top out of Henry Kissinger vs Otto von Bismarck, and why?
If there is a hypothetical battle between Thor and Doomsday, who will win?
Who will win, Berserk Broly or Kaido? He is the world's strongest creature.
Who would win in a war between Mexico and North Korea?
Who would win, Bronze Tiger vs Time Drake/Robin?
Who will win in a fight between the Fanstatic Four and Deathstroke?
All of the NFL team's mascots turn into their real life counterparts , who wins in the massive brawl?
What is the weakest weapon that would allow a peak human to 1v1 a JP Raptor?
Who would win a fight between Juggernaut and Deadpool?
I'm researching the horse race betting system in Victorian England. Would Victorian bookies be able to pay out large sums of money on a winning bet?
What is the meaning of the quote "Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to build bigger and better idiots. So far, the universe is winning."?
Who would win in a war between Ukraine and Romania?
Do you think WW3 will happen because of the political back chat of China?
Who would win, Basil or enraged Buu?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Thor VS Thor VS Thor, and why?
Is Kyrpto the strongest dog? What dog could beat him.
Who would win, Aang in his strongest form or Yoda in his strongest form?
Columbus versus Indianapolis, who wins?
An army of children lays siege to several apartment complexes.
Who would win, Faith Lehane vs Goro Akechi real world?
Who could complete a trip with zebra ?
Who would win in a hypothetical fight between a US Delta Force team and an Israeli Sayaret team?
Who would win, Bleeding Edge armor or Batman and his tactical suit?
In how much time will India defeat Pakistan and China, if they attack together?
Who would win in a fight, Captain America or Bane?
How did Nazis win the war?
If Fascist Italy was to send a pack in time from 1939 to the year 1814, during the battle of Leipzig, would the Italians help Coalition to defeat Napoleon, be allied on the French side, start a global invasion or prepare for the Great Winter of 1816?
Who would win in a fight between Dante and Juggernaut?
Can Batman survive Highschool?
Suppose it's a 4-way race between Cruz , Clinton , Trump and Sanders . Who would win, and why?
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs. Batman and Nightwing?
Who lasts longer, Michael Phelps in an open sea with a shark, or Usain Bolt in the African grassland with a Jaguar?
What would win, one T-Rex vs a pride of lions?
We send someone back in time to fight in a medieval battle. How would we design his armor?
Who would win between a battle between Transformers and Jaeger?
Pick 5 human characters to go dinosaur hunting
Who would win, Ramiel versus THE DEER?
Who would win in a 3-way war between the U.S., Russia, and China?
What would happen in a fight between Thanos and Ronan with power gem?
In a battle between Zaraki Kenpachi from bleach and Madara Uchiha from naruto. Who would win?
If there was a war between reptiles and mammals, who would win?
Who will win in a battle between Nuclear Man and Captain Planet?
Who will win the computer technology race, the USA or Russia?
Who would win this match: Shirou Emiya gains a massive amount of prana and Fox Quicksilver's capabilities. What changes in the series?
Supposing at no point in time nuclear weapons would be used in this conflict , if a 4-way war between the US, every EU country, Russia and China broke out tomorrow, who would win and what would be the approximate course of the war?
Your favourite character vs Ghost Rider's Penance Stare
Who would win in a duel between Samwise Gamgee and Bilbo Baggins?
Who would win, The Human Race vs Every Ant On Earth?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for February 28, 2016: Kiwi Edition
Who would win, Subzero and Scorpion with full power or Saitama?
Who would win this brawl: Beast vs Tai Lung?
Who would win a war between North Korea, Japan, Canada and New Zealand?
Would a World War 3 start when China and Russia stop using USD as a default international payment?
Who would win out of Human race VS animals with human level intellect, and why?
Which monkey is the best fighter?
Who would win, suppressed Beerus or Sorbet?
Who would win, a Monarch-class Titan or an AT-ST Scout Walker?
Who would win in a race, Usain Bolt or Naruto?
How many zombies do you think it would take to overcome a single vampire?
Who would win this war: Shadow Dragons vs Universe 6 Fighters?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine and a grizzly?
Jurassic Park Carnivores vs. 16 Xenomorphs: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Captain Boomerang vs Junkrat?
I need to defeat a speedster in hand to hand combat. How do I do it?
How large of a lobster would you need to take down a WWII era Battleship?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Etrigan?
Amy Rose vs Ramona Flowers: Who would come out on top?
Hypothetically speaking, if the US and Russia went into a non-nuclear war with their allies, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Ochaco Uraraka or Wendy Marvell?
Every President takes over a state, who reconquers all the others?
Who would win in a fight, Katara or Ochaco Uraraka?
Five Earth Benders vs Five Water Benders vs Five Fire Benders vs Five Air Benders: Who would win?
Your top ten favorite characters vs mine
Who would win, Piccolo Training vs Mystic Gohan?
Who'd win, God Cable vs Juggernaut?
Who would win a fight between a fencer and a kendoka?
Who would win in a fight between a samurai and a pirate?
Roy Mustang V. Fire Lord Ozai
Hypothetically, if IAF were to fight in the Afghanistan War, would they have done it in a much more efficient and effective way compared to the US Air Force?
Weiss Schnee vs. Sub-Zero: Who would be the victor?
A black bloodlusted bear bursts through your front door. How do you manage?
If a war breaks out between the US and Russia and Russia wins, how will that affect the morale of the American people?
Darth Sidious runs an MCU Teams Gauntlet
How many competitive races in which Bill and Hillary Clinton stumped did their candidates win?
Who would win this brawl: The Matrix and how it works?
Who would win, Might Guy or Tsunade?
If a conventional war broke out today, how would countries differentiate their soldiers from others?
Who would win this brawl: Galactus vs. Thanos in a fistfight?
Was United Kingdom really powerful in World War II?
What would wars look like if mankind suddenly became immortal? How would one fight them? What would constitute winning?
Which TMNT versions would win in a fight, TMNT Nickelodeon or the TMNT movie 2014/2016?
Situation is Superman and Thor are fighting. Thor throw Mjlonir at Superman, Can Superman caught it And use it against Thor, it It will Hit Superman? And WHO WILL WIN this battle: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between Hermione Granger and Eragon from the Inheritance cycle?
Who would claim victory out of Ghost Rider vs. Akuma, and why?
Which country in the world would give Russia a hard time in a war?
What matters most in a fight?
If Archaon the Everchosen, at full power, fought Sauron at full power, and they both brought their armies at their height, who would win, and what would such a battle look like?
Who uses their power the most creatively?
Who would win, Nightwing, Ruby Rose, and Iron Fist vs. Bigby Wolf and that white guy up there with the tie?
If a German bomber hit Dwight Eisenhower while he was speaking to the troops, how would the war have gone?
In a war between China and Britain and/or France, with no American involvement, who would win?
Who won the fight between karna and jarasandha?
Who should win the science awards for chemical biology?
Who'd win, Gray wolf vs dog?
Who is the weakest superhero who could kill/incapacitate Superman?
Why is the fight between British and Mughals during Aurangzeb reign in 1686-90 called as Child's war?
Do all racers, swimmers, and runners believe in this 'slow and study wins the race'?
Who would win, Invincible vs Lord Boros?
After he’s done with Norse mythology, Kratos from “God of War” finds himself on present day Earth.
Who is the weakest character that can survive not being trusted by Young Metro?
Who would win, Original Iron Legion from Iron Man 3 MCU vs 34 Ultron Sentries?
Who would have the edge out of Gavrill Madaraki vs Bismuth, and why?
Could the Nazgul defeat a Werewolf or a Vampire?
Who would claim victory out of Rogue Squadron vs. Team Star Fox, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Saitama vs Hela, and why?
Who'd win, Rally Vincent vs. Spike Spiegel?
Who would win, Ezra vs Darth Maul?
Can Black Panther solo Cap and Batman at once?
Who would win, Apocalypse vs Hela vs Steppenwolf?
Who would win, A message to all whowouldwin members regarding rules, bans, and making changes to the sub. Required reading for all subscribers?
You are placed in command of Nazi Germany instead of Hitler just before the invasion of Poland. Can you win the war for Germany?
Battle of fictional presidents
Who would win, Raditz vs. Raspberry?
Guts the Blackswordsman gets a Lantern Ring and goes through a gauntlet.
Who would win, White NFL Cornerback vs Black NFL Kicker?
Who would win, Morgoth or Chthulu?
Who will win if a war breaks out between China and USA?
Who would win this duel: S-Class Threats Vs Marvel Earth?
Who would win in a fight of Strider versus AT-ST?
Animals are thrown into an arena, who is the dominant species?
How many Hawluchas would it take to deafeat El Toro Fuerte with the bull talisman ?
Who is the weakest oppressive dictator who could single-handedly beat Liberty Prime in a fight?
Who would win, The Hero of Kvatch vs The Doom Slayer?
Who will win a war between the USA, China and Russia?
Who'd win, Zagara VS Broodmother?
If the world had to be limited to no more than 50 nations who would the "survivors" be? How would the diplomacy/wars play out.
Who would win, Steve Irwin vs a tank of sting rays?
Who would win in a war between the US federal government and the 50 state governments?
Who'd win, Garou vs Jiren?
Who would be the champion out of Speed vs. Psi vs. Magic, and why?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how bad is the UNSC going to get stomped in hypothetical fights/battles?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Iron Man?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Spider-Man?
Who would win, Master Roshi or Captain Marvel?
Who would win a fight between a T-Rex and 100 humans armed with stoned tipped spears?
Could Hela defeat Thanos?
Who would win in a battle between a panda vs a hyena?
Could you arm a Seal Navy to defeat the Navy Seals?
Has the fight between theists and atheists on Quora about worn itself out?
Who would win in a fist fight between William Dembski and Richard Dawkins?
Who'd win, Voldemort stole Newt Scamander's favourite Bowtruckle. And so, Newt hires Boba Fett and Starlord to retrieve it. can they succeed?
Who would win this brawl: Mako and Bolin were so angry that after such a long time of being led on, Korra chose a girl over them, so they decided to kill Asami in revenge?
You gain the Saiyan superpower to become more powerful when you're nearly beaten to death. Who do you fight, and in which order, to maximize your power? Who would win?
If there was a war between the UK and Saudi Arabia, who would win?
What is the difference between the heart, the mind and the soul?
Someone with no food for 2 weeks vs someone with no water for 5 days: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight between Maestro Hulk and Zeus?
Who would win, Jaguar vs. Leopard vs. Lion vs. Tiger vs. Cheetah vs. Cougar?
If all 44 Presidents of the United States of America were to fight to the death, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between a horse and an elk?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Vegeta?
Every single person who has ever been US President runs for president. Who wins?
Who'd win, A T-Rex vs Eren Jaeger in titan Form?
Who would win this war: Zombie Obama vs Congress?
Who would win a fight between the Hulk and Batman wearing the Green Lantern's ring?
Can NASA win the new space race?
Who'd win, Daredevil vs Steven Universe in unarmed combat?
What would happen if Colombia attacked both Ecuador and Venezuela?
If Trump decided to go out with a bang and take us all with him , could he pull it off?
Who'd win, Nile Crocodile vs Great White Shark?
Gildedguy vs. Roy Greenhilt: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight, Wonder Woman or Piccolo?
Who would win, Captain America and Robin vs Batman and Winter Soldier?
Who would win, the ninjas of the League of Assassins TV or the ninjas of Talia's cult?
World Leader Hunger Games - Same Rules, All Leaders
Who would win out of captain yamamoto vs kaguya, and why?
You replace Black Panther in Infinity War Who would win?
Who'd win, master chief and darth vader?
A fully upgraded President/Boss winds up in the Warhammer 40k universe.
Why will the 3rd World War take place? If it happens, between which countries would it be?
Who would win a fight between Spider-Man not using his web and Captain America without his shield?
Syndrome vs. Ant-Man: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight to the death between Superboy-Prime and Hela the goddess of death?
Who would win this fight: Cassandra Cain vs Black Cat?
Who would win in a fight, Cosmic Armor Superman or The Great Evil Beast?
Who'd win, The Atom vs Ant Man?
Who would win a street fight between Bruce Lee & the Undertaker "The Phenom"?
Who would win, Nyssa and Talia Al Ghul and Ra's al Ghul versus Batman?
Who is the strongest character Ghost Rider's penance stare COULD defeat?
Who'd win, Captain America vs Dr. Octopus?
Who would win in a fight, one 250 lbs guy or two 125 lbs guys? All fighters are of equal skills.
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Doom vs Sebastian Shaw?
If each state in the USA declared war on other states and other unincorporated territories, who would win provided no other foreign powers intervene and no alliances take place?
Who would win if a team of paintballers fought against a team of airsofters?
Who would win this brawl: A reaper infestation spreads through NY and the defenders are the only ones left to protect it?
What's the human to silverback gorilla fight ratio?
Who'd win, A coked-out Miley Cyrus vs 20 Walking Dead-style Zombies?
Who would win in a sword fight between Ned Stark and Jon Snow?
Who'd win, Mike Tyson is in the ring with standard boxing gear. Without stepping inside the ring, what is the most cost-effective and time-efficient way you can defeat him using only spiders?
Batman vs. Superman: Who would be victorious?
All of TV's best chess players are vice presidents of a major company, fighting for a coveted CEO position. It's a free for all. Who wins?
Who'd win, Saltwater croc vs. great white?
Who would win, Legolas vs a helmetless Space Wolf?
Off-Topic TV/Film Discussion for 6/9/2017
Who would win this combat: Ludwig Vs Cyberdemon?
In WWE, Who would win a fight between *insert wrestler of your choice* and Braun Strowman?
Who would win a fight between X-Men and Heroes?
How strong is a chimpanzee compared to an average human and is it possible for a really strong human to beat a chimpanzee?
Who would win out of Nazi Germany VS North Korea, and why?
Fallout Protagonist Showdown
Who would win this duel: Thanos vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win out of A lumberjack with tentacle arms vs a shark riding a unicycle, and why?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 1/31/2016
Itachi vs Ghost Rider: Who would win?
Hypothetical Battles: If I can freely change between an "slash" head and a "hammer" head mid-combat, when will I need a "thrust" head?
Who would win this combat: Scar vs Shere Khan?
Who would win, Kratos or World Serpent?
You vs the following gauntlet of opponents. Who would win?
Every domesticated dog in the world vs every wolf in the world
Who would win in a debate: Steve Jobs or Eric Schmidt?
If WW3 happens and Russia is neutral, how much would it change the outcome?
Who'd win, Ryuko Matoi vs Shadow the Hedgehog?
What was it like to serve in a battle tank in The Battle of Kursk?
Who would win, Emu's gain a hivemind, excelled reproductive capacity, and a taste for Australians?
Who would win in a fight, Sonic or Pikachu?
Who would win, Wolverine vs Dio?
The Flood, The Swarm & The Hive Fleets
What WWII tank would have been the best in a one-on-one fight? Tanks that were never mass-produced such as the Panzer 8 of which only two were produced don't count.
Who would win if Russia, China, & North Korea fought the US, South Korea, Japan, & the Allies? Assume the conflict would be resolved in a few months.
Could Liechtenstein go to war?
What is the difference between a civilian and military personnel if both are in non-combat roles?
Who would win in a fight, Abomination and Hulk vs Doomsday?
Shazam, Wonder Woman, and Thor vs. Braniac, Martian Manhunter, and Silver Surfer, who wins?
Who would win a battle of the bands between the Band of the Coldstream Guards and the University of Michigan Marching Band?
Who would win in a fight between Goten and Tien?
In a fight between Wolverine and Deadpool, who would win, and how would the fight play out?
Who would win, Elric of Melniboné vs. Silchas Ruin?
In a hypothetical war between the Roman Army and the Japanese samurai, who would win?
What is the strongest dinosaur a grazzily bear can take down
Who would win this fight: Teenager Mutant Ninja Turtles vs. Kung Fu Panda Oogway + Furious Five?
Classic showdown between two gods..
Who would be the victor out of Lord Shen vs Ezio Auditore, and why?
Who would be the champion out of Wonder Woman and Batman run an MCU gauntlet, and why?
World War 2, but Pokemon are real and used in battle: Who would be victorious?
You have $100k to fill a shipping container with whatever you want and bring it to Westeros at the start of the War of the Five Kings. How do you put your favorite claimant on the throne ? Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Ki-Adi Mundi versus Asajj Ventress?
Who would win, Apocalypse vs Jiren?
Who would come out on top out of Batman vs Yamcha in hand to hand combat, and why?
Who would win, Naruto or Obito?
Who'd win, One sun sized lion vs. 50,000,000 lion sized sun?
Who would win this brawl: Doctor Octopus vs Seras Victoria?
Who's the strongest God and/or Goddess character that you can beat the shit out of?
WhoWouldWin Madness II, Son of the Madness
Every band gains abilities according to their name. Who wins in a fight?
How was your family affected by the Second World War?
Who would win, Honey badger or wolverine?
Who would win in a fight, Groudon or Ant-Man?
The entire cast of Breaking Bad are all contestants on Survivor. Who wins?
Nightwing vs Link
Your character runs a Dragon Ball beam gauntlet.
Who would win in a fight to the death between every Canadian prime minister?
In a 500 m race, the ratio of the speeds of A & B is 3:4. A has a head start of 140 m. Then, A wins by what distance?
Vegeta vs. an Ant: Who would win?
Will WW3 unquestionably be a nuclear war?
Who would win, Cyborg and Wonder Woman or Reverse-Flash?
Who would win in a war between India and Europe if nuclear weapons are not used and no other countries are involved?
Who would win, Star Trek or Halo?
Who would win: MCU Black Panther or MCU Spider-Man?
So I just realized our current banner makes a pretty good fight
Who would win, Rune King Thor or Dormammu?
Who would win in a fight between a Dhole vs a dog?
3 fully armed and equipped battlestars. Vs. Earth in the year 2013 a.d: Who would come out on top?
In a battle between PewDiePie and Kim Kardashian who would win? Meaning in an “all out war” scenario, who would inflict the most social/reputation/economic damage to the other?
Tournament of Power.
Who would come out on top out of USMC sniper vs 50 gorillas, and why?
Who would win in a war between the U.S./UK and Russia/China?
Who would win, Huge war. With gods and men?
Sun made of fire bs sun made of ice
If the entire German Nazi Army fought against the entire Republic Clone Army , then who would win the war?
Who would win, Hero Killer Stain vs Batman?
Who would win, Littlepip vs. Master Chief?
Who would win, Giant Panda vs Warthog?
Who would win in hand to hand combat, a navy SEAL or a Marine?
Your Favorite character must survive a ladder of famous attacks.
Marvel hunger games style
Who would win, Harley Quinn vs 3 Navy Seals?
Garrus Vakarian vs The Navy Seals: Who would win?
Who would win in an MCU fight: Odin or Thanos?
Who would win, Hippos vs DCEU Superman?
Who would win in a fight, a ninja or a samurai?
You vs a Hippo Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Elon Musk and Nikola Tesla?
Your favorite character who is a vampire, wearwolf, monster hunter, or any combination of the three, Vs. the Twilightverse.
Assuming no third country were involved, which country would win in a war between India and United Arab Emirates?
Who would win in a fight between Obi Wan Kenobi and Count Dooku?
Could Saitama punch apart Hurricane Irma?
Can John Chiang win the 2018 California Governor's race?
In a fictional battle between the IJN Yamato and the USS Iowa what would the results be?
The Definitive Saitama VS Goku Battle: Who would have the best chance of winning?
You with boiled potted water and Arsenal of Disney Weapons defending the Epcot treasure vs Immortan Joe and his War Boys Tribe Who would win?
Who would win in a war between the USA and a United EU military?
You with a random superpower run a rather extensive gauntlet Who would win?
Who would win, A guy with control over all Hispanics vs A guy with control over all black people?
Who'd win, A witcher versus a claymore?
Who would win this fight: John-117 vs 3 fully grown and bloodlusted male elephants?
Batman is infected by the Prototype virus, can he control his urge to kill?
Who would win a death battle between a lion and a lioness?
If Drax and Wolverine fought, who would win?
Big Boss verses Captain Price
What's with the alternative history questions like “If the WW2 Japanese army fought Teutonic Knights, who would win?” What’s behind these questions?
Who would win, Lord Raptor vs. Marceline the Vampire Queen?
Who would win in a fight between a Squad of generic helmeted Gears from the Gears of War Games and a Squad of Colonial Marines from the Aliens universe?
In the MCU universe, who would win in a fight between all the Avengers?
Who is the weakest character who could win a fight against the superhero chimera represented by a bootleg statue.
Who would be the champion out of Naruto and Sasuke vs. Modern Day Earth, and why?
Who can create the most deadly chimera?
What if the North joined the Reach and Westerlands before the Field of Fire?
In a total nuclear exchange where the entire worlds arsenals are used, how long would the nuclear winter last and would we survive?
Who would win this battle: Fox McCloud vs. Han Solo?
Who would win in a fight: Hawkeye or Winter Soldier?
Which country will be safer, India or Canada if World War III happens?
What if Jesus met Hitler?
Who would win in a battle between a spotted hyena, striped hyena and brown hyena?
Who would win this combat: D vs Adult Franklin Richards?
Who would win in a fight between a panther and a bronco?
Why are "who would win in a fight" questions so popular?
Say that aliens threatened to destroy the world in one week and humans had no ability to stop it. What would happen to the world’s economy and people? Would humanity destroy itself before aliens could do it themselves?
Who'd win, Death Battle: Jotaro vs Kenshiro?
Who could win in a fight, Sandor Clegane at his prime or Jaime Lannister before he lost his hand?
Who would win, Penis vs. brain?
If the staff at Facebook fought the staff at Twitter, who would win, assuming the brawl is hosted at a mutual site like Google headquarters?
Who would win this match: Crocodile Battle Royale! Killer Croc vs Leatherhead vs King K. Rool?
Who would win in a fight between Logan and Old Man Logan?
Who would win if the USA invades Saudi Arabia?
1 polar bear versus 2 gorillas, who would win?
Who would win, Amane, Killua Zoldyck, Alluka Zoldyck, Gotoh, and Canary vs Illumi Zoldyck?
Who's the strongest Star Wars character that Voldemort can beat
Who would win in a rap diss track battle, Tony Nguyen or Felix Murtagh?
In a war between North Korea and Pre-Gulf War Iraq, who would win?
Who would win in a real war between Starks and Lannisters?
Who would win: Sentry or Superman under a blue star?
How did humans become the top of the food chain if we are so weak and slow? We cannot fight other apes nor predators. Was it due to our reproduction abilities?
Considering Ser Meryn Trant is one of the best fighters in Westeros, how long would it take him to defeat Bronn in one-to-one combat?
If a ferret and a black mamba fought, who would win?
Who would win this combat: Neomorphs vs. Velociraptors?
Who would win in a war between Algeria and Argentina, if they would be neighbors?
MCU Thor runs a Star Wars ladder
Who would win this battle: Ghost Rider vs Magneto?
Who would win in a fight, the current Konahamaru or Itachi?
Who would win in a fight between Cthulhu and Abeloth?
Who would win in a conventional war between Europe and Russia?
Who would win, Jon Snow vs. Aragorn?
My cat vs your favorite small animal
Who would win in a fight, Shinki or Gaara as a kid?
Who will win in a war between Singapore and Papua New Guinea?
Ronda Rousey vs An Average Sized Man with a aluminum baseball bat: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight between an athletic 16 year old and a 55 year old man?
Who would win in a war between Adolf Hitler and the United States?
Who would win in a one-on-one battle between Mika Augus and Char Aznable?
Who would win in a FFA battle between Gaius Marius, Genghis Khan, and William Wallace?
Stephen Hawking vs Timmy: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the winner out of Obi-Wan Kenobi vs. Ezio Auditore da Firenze, and why?
One Piece's Monster Trio vs the S Class Heroes from OnePunch-Man: Who would win?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs. White Tiger?
When's the last time all 3 F1 teams of Ferrari, McLaren and Williams didn't win a single race in an entire season?
Who would win in a battle between The Silver Surfer and Superman Prime?
The Bat Family Rankings, according to Tom King.
Who would claim victory out of Grizzly bear vs silver back gorilla, and why?
If there were a football tournament between Mourinho's best XI, Guardiola's best XI, Sir Alex Ferguson's best XI, Ancelotti's best XI, and Wenger’s best XI's, what would be the lineup and who would win the match?
Who would win in a fight Conor Mcgregor or Lebron James?
Who would win out of Lucent Nargacuga vs. Sand Barioth, and why?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Imperium of Man vs UNSC and Covenant, and why?
Every Tomato that currently exists comes to life and trys to kill every human being living on 2017 earth, can they do it ?
Weakest character that can kill Saitama with one punch?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Leon Kennedy vs Chris Redfield, and why?
How do I choose between a state with many electoral college votes but small chance of my candidate winning vs a state with few votes but a close race?
Can Superman kill The Hulk?
Who would win in a Battle-Till-Death between Cosmic Armor Superman and Complete Ultra Instinct Goku?
In the flashback scene of the fight between Ned Stark and Arthur Dayne, why doesn't Ned have his ancestral blade Ice?
Who would win this match: The Imperium of Man vs. other human empires?
Who would win, Bane's Army or Batman 2012?
Bat-Clan v. Justice League
Can a tree defeat your favourite street-tier character?
Saitama / One Punch Man
If the bizarre play known as "Merkle's Boner" that decided the 1908 pennant race between the Giants and Cubs took place today, who would win?
Who'd win, The Colonial Fleet vs The Tau'ri of Earth?
Who will win in an All Out Battle between The Great Monk Shaktimaan vs Mastered Ultra Instinct Goku?
Will the trade war between the United States and China ever be resolved? Who will win in the end?
Your Favorite Character without arms vs. Armless Tiger Man
Which military force is most egregiously represented by movies ?
Who would win in a fight, Natsu, Itachi, Zuko, Charizard, Tsuna Sawada, Firestorm, Roy Mustang, Human Torch, Ace or Mako?
Who would win in a battle between Nacho Libre and Napoleon Dynamite?
Who would win this battle: Koala bear vs Panda bear?
How would a fight look like/play out between captain America and Christopher Nolan's Batman?
If Luffy San gear 4 fought black foot sanji and Haki Zoro who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Yamcha from Dragon Ball Z and Batman from DC comics?
You gain the powers of every hero you touch. After 5 people, you have to touch The Flash Who would win?
How does 2,3-biphosphoglycerate help Ethiopia and Kenya in winning a long race?
What Superhero would make for the best talk show host?
Who would win this battle: 1 Decillion Ants vs Galactus?
Every Character now gets power equal to the coolness of of his main Chatchphrase
Can you run this superpower swap gauntlet?
If Manny Pacquiao and Ronda Rousey fought, who would win and by what margin?
Who'd win, MCU Thor Vs DCEU Superman Vs G2 Luffy Vs All Might?
Professional Athletes: What requires more skill: winning an F1 race or holding the NFL's best receiver to zero catches in a game?
All tyranids vs every force of Chaos
In the 1940s, if WWII never happened who would win a war between the US and the British Empire?
Can Doctor Strange defeat Thanos?
Who would win, Atrocious Great Ape and Baby Vegeta or Goku and God Essence?
Plus Ultra Saitama vs Simon and Gurren Lagann
The imminence of WW3 has given me dark thoughts. What should I do?
Who would win, Baloo vs Yogi Bear?
Who would win in a street fight between Ronda Rousey and one-eyed Floyd Mayweather?
The King Worm from Adventure Time vs The Alaskan Bull Worm from Spongebob: Who would be the winner?
Who would win a war between Turkey and Syria?
Who would win out of Agent 47 is contracted to destroy John Wick's car, kill his dog, and kill the Baba Yaga himself — in that order. Can he do it, and why?
You and 40 trained hunters with rifles vs 600 professional paintballers Who would win?
How do you defeat Professor Kukui?
If life is a race, then who is winning?
Who would win in a fight between Sentry and Shazam?
If the five regions of the US were countries and all went to war with each other, then who would win?
You vs. the Superhero you dislike the Most Who would win?
Oryx invades the Star Wars galaxy
What if all the Germanic-speaking countries would fight to all the other countries?
Who would win a fight between Michael Bisping and Chris Weidman?
Can Geralt beat Shadow of Mordor?
Who would win in an all-out, full-scale open-field battle between Sun Tzu and Takeda Shingen?
Who would win in an all out battle: world breaker Hulk vs cosmic armour Superman?
2016 Election: Every 1-Term President
Who would win, Tobi vs Itachi?
Who is the strongest character that Mike Tyson with Star Platinum could beat in a boxing match?
Who would win in a fight between Spiderman and Batman?
Who would win, Dany and Drogon vs Hiccup and Toothless?
If the ape army from "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" fought King Kong, who would win?
Who would win, Super Perfect Cell and Frieza vs Kid Buu?
The civil war is repeated with the same states involved but no allies, who wins?
Which alien race would win in a hypothetical battle, the cyber men from Dr. Who, or the Borg from Star Trek: The Next Generation?
In wrestling matches between men and women, who would win? Why?
If a real war occurs between India and China, which country has more chance to win?
Who would win in a fight, Spider-Man or Korra?
Who would win, Darth Plagueis vs Obi-Wan Kenobi?
Who would win in a fight between one elite swan knight of Dol Amroth vs. a fountain guard of Minas Tirith? Which troop is more elite?
Where would Russia side in a non-nuclear war between China and India?
Who would win in a fight between Supergirl and Wonder Woman?
If Hitler were still alive and fought ISIS, who would win?
What would win in a fight between a Star Wars Light Saber, and a Covenant Energy Sword?
England vs Ireland, Scotland, and Wales: Who would be the champion?
Could the world successfully conquer the entire USA?
What would happen if the US and Democratic Brexit UK went to war against each other?
Who will win if a war occurs between America and North Korea?
Who would win, 25 Brock Lennars vs a pride of 12 Lions?
Who would win, Ultra-V and Robo-47 vs. Optimus Prime and Bumblebee?
Your Fave visits the county fair and must now deal with the pie ladder.
Who would win, Old King Thor Cosmic armor Superman or World Killer Thor?
Who would win, Elon Musk vs Elon Musk?
Who wins in a fight, a great white shark or a tiger shark?
7 fights after
If a first order ATM6 fought an Imperial AT-AT, who would win?
All For One vs Meruem
Who Would Win: Hunting Season Edition
Who would win, Battle of Sand! Gaara vs Crocodile?
Which country could go to war with Pakistan in the future?
Who will win a war between 50 F 35s and 500 MiG 15s?
Can Saitama defeat all of the Pokemon combined into one mega Pokemon?
Ignoring weight category, who would win in a boxing fight, Floyd Mayweather or Mike Tyson?
Who would win, Winter Soldier/White Wolf, Black Panther, War Machine, and Nebula from MCU vs Groot, Rocket Racoon, Thor, Vision, and Mantis from MCU?
Anakin Skywalker has come to cleanse the Jedi temple. This time, every single power ranger is there defending it.
Who will win a war between India and China, after Russia backs China and America backs India?
Who would win, Joker vs Professor X?
Who would win in a fight between Apocalypse vs Doomsday and why?
Who would be the winner out of Anton Chigurh vs. Silva, and why?
The kinds of posts that are allowed,
If there was a WW3, would participating countries agree to ban nukes?
Who would win in a fight between Death and the Sentry, who would win and how would the fight play out?
Caesars' Legion Vs. The Minutemen: Who would win?
What are some creative ways a character not at Superman's power level could kill him?
The One Above All Vs. The Presence Vs. Azathoth Vs. Kami Tenchi Vs. Gan: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight, Gummi bears versus the last thing you googled?
Who would win, Lord Raikage vs All Might?
Every US President and Prime Minister of Great Britain teams up. Who is the strongest character they can defeat?
Who would win, Silver Surfer vs. Superman vs. Wolverine vs. Aquaman...with a twist?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Hawkeye?
In Star Trek, who would win in a battle between a Klingon ship or a Romulan ship against a Borg Cube?
All of the meme's fight . Who wins?
Huge group of One-Punch Man villains team up and run a Dragon Ballverse villains gauntlet: Who would be the victor?
Click on the Random Super Power button and post a link to the power, I'll click on it and reply with the power I got. Then we battle: Who would be the winner?
Who will win in the tablet race: Windows 8, or Android?
Who would win between Jessica Jones and Black Widow?
Is healthcare versus health business a fair fight?
If there was a battle between Yukari Yakumo from Touhou and Featherine from umineko, who would win?
Who would win this war: Hela vs Wonder Woman?
An Afghani town in 2006 with a population of about five thousand civilians, around a hundred American and Canadian troops and a few Al Qaeda cells get teleported back two hundred million years to the Jurassic period. How long would the humans survive living amongst dinosaurs?
How did England lose the Hundred Years War to France, in spite of their early stunning victories such as Agincourt and the superiority of the English longbow?
How many Gorrilas would it take to kill a T-rex?
Does it take more ants to kill a human, or more unarmed humans to kill Godzilla?
Hypothetical Wars: If both China and Russia invaded USA on its home soil, would they defeat the United States?
Who would win this brawl: Xander Harris with Sharingan vs. Buffy?
Who would win in a fight between a pit bull and a big wildcat?
All American cereal box characters fight each other to the death. Who stands victorious?
Who would win in a hand to hand combat between a yautja predator and a silver back gorilla?
Who would win this punch-up: Geralt of Rivia vs Bigby Wolf?
Who would win in a battle between Jason Voorhees and a Xenomorph?
If Italy tried to invade Greece, who would win?
Punisher decides to use Pym particles to build a gun that fires tiny Juggernauts. The only extra feature about this gun is that it shoots Juggernauts.
Lowest level D&D 3.5 wizard that could solo Overlord LN verse?
If there was a war between Western Europe and Eastern Europe during Cold War, who would win given other powers not intervening?
Who would win a fight between Jack Reacher and Spenser?
Abraham Lincoln the vampire hunter vs Captain America: Who would come out on top?
What is the Least Powerful Character that can solo the United States of America?
Who would win, Motoko Kusanagi vs Captain America?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Spider-Man? Why?
Who would win, One Piece Vs Fairy Tail Character Fight Ideas Pt.1?
Who'd win, Death Battle: Gaara vs Toph Beifong; Why is this considered "wrong"?
Who would win, Hulk vs. Black Panther?
Who would win this duel: Lucario Vs. some kid with a t-rex t-shirt?
Who would win the fight between The Tiger "Shere-Khan" versus The Lion "Aslan" , if we based it from their normal attacks?
Which mythological/historical figure would be able to win against their Heroic Spirit counterparts?
You got teleported or dropped by plane with a parachute over North Korea with nothing left as your clothes. Who would win?
You and a Superhero vs the Roman Empire Who would win?
This entire sub is now bloodlusted and armed with lightsabers. We are then teleported to the North Korean shore. Can we possibly defeat the entirety of North Korea?
Who would win this match: Ryuuko Matoi vs Satsuki Kiryuin without their "kamuis" in hand-to-hand combat?
Why do people think Iowa would have been able to defeat Yamato?
With 3 years of preparation, who would win, humanity or the rest of all living organisms?
Who would win a war between the African Union and the U.S.A?
An average Human with a lightsabre vs 11 average Humans with a baseball bat
Who'd win, 1 trillion Lions vs the sun?
Who would win a fight between Conor McGregor and Darren Till?
Who would win, Cory in the house or cat in the hat?
Who would win this battle: Arceus versus Mewtwo?
The Reapers vs The Shadows: Who would be the champion?
Will Jennifer Doudna win a Nobel Prize?
Who would win: Aquaman, Namor, or Superman?
Are you ready for WWIII?
Can India maintain its neutral position and have strong military ties & tech exchange with both the US & Russia, or will it have to pick a side soon?
Who would win in a fight? Russell Crowe or Gerard Butler?
Mythology Battle: Odin Allfather Vs. Yu Huang, The Jade Emperor Vs. Zeus Vs. Izanagi: Who would come out on top?
How many silverback gorillas could Aragon take before getting overwhelmed?
Your favorite superhero gets the powers of their rogue's gallery. Who can they beat?
What would be China's response if the USA and India simultaneously attacks Pakistan from its western and eastern sides of the border respectively?
Boros vs Shadow Mewtwo: Who would claim victory?
Ogami Ittō and Daigorō vs. Beatrix Kiddo aka "The Bride" : Who would claim victory?
Who would be the winner out of Arrowverse Zoom vs Fox's Quicksilver, and why?
Metroid : Who would win in a fight: Master Chief or Samus?
Who would win, Nam-Ek or Zod in full power?
Who would win in a fight to the death, a grizzly bear or 4 MMA fighters?
Who would win this match: 10 Lions vs 100 Sheep?
Who would win in a fight: a bull or a bear?
Ed , Patrick , and Kevin are running for president of Idiocracy. Who wins?
How can China deal with the trade war with America?
Who would win, Cable from Deadpool 2 vs Thanos from MCU?
Blue Lantern Shia LaBeouf and 100 soldiers *vs* Spartan army of 300 with 3 trained silver back gorillas: Who would be the champion?
What if there is a war between India and China, who will win including all interference?
Who would win in a battle between an adult gorilla or an orangutan, if they both are enraged and committed to a fight?
Who would win a fight between Superman and Mighty Mouse?
Iron Chef: the Manliest cook-off EVER
Who would win in a fight, Beast Boy or Wolverine?
Who would win in a fight to death, Odin or Galactus?
Who is the weakest shark-themed character that can resist the shark repellent batspray?
2 Eastern Gorilla vs Absolute Peak Human: Who would be victorious?
Geralt of Rivia v. Talion
Who would have the edge out of Captain America vs a T-Rex, and why?
If Captain America and Wolverine teamed up, and fought Obi-Wan Kenobi, who would win?
Who would win in the proposed war between the Germanic nations, Latin nations, Celtic nations, Slavic nations, Turkic nations, or Semitic nations?
Who would win in a fight between Ravana and Meghnaad?
Who would win in a sword fight, Lurtz the Uruk-Hai or Azog the Defiler?
could the DC Universe form a team to win the Tournament of Power ?
Who'd win, A fully armoured 15th century knight VS various animals with various weapons?
Nova Corps vs Green Lantern Corps: Who would be the victor?
If Naruto and Randall from Recess had a race, who would win?
If there was a battle to the death between well-known movie directors, with the characters/creatures from their movies protecting them, who would win?
Who would win a hypothetic war between Iran and North Korea with no nukes and no military allies? Russia is Iran's ally and China is NK's?
An Orca which swims in air vs an African bush elephant
Grandmaster Shifuji Shaurya Bharadwaj versus Brock Lesnar, who would win?
Who'd win, Dovahkiin vs Chosen Undead?
Who would win a battle between Ali al Shamsi's Level 100 Caterpie and my Level 60 Mass Effect 3 FemShep?
Game of Thrones: Who would win a fight between Septa Unella and Brienne?
Who would win in a fight, a wolf or a man?
Is Eric Greitens a closet Democrat running as a Republican so he can win gubernatorial race in Missouri?
Who would win, Gorilla vs Bear... with a twist?
Who'd win, God vs Zeus vs Odin in a biggest jerk contest?
Could a human at peak form, martial art knowledge, and huge feats beat a Grizzly, Gorilla, Lion, or Hippo?
How many times stronger than a human is a gorilla?
Who would win in a fight, R2-D2 vs C-3PO?
If Frank Martin and Dominic Toretto races, who will win?
If there was a fight between the Black Lanterns and the Marvel Zombies who would win?
How many bloodlusted bull elephants would it take to kill MCU Captain America?
Who would win? Me continuing to work at an Amazon on weekend nights or my will to resist slitting my wrists?
Who would win this duel: Bruce Lee vs Mr Rogers?
Who would win: The Incredible Hulk vs. A standard T-Rex
Who would win, Ego vs Thanos?
Gon and co cross the Grand Line: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this fight: Comic book Peak humans and their inherently superhuman abilities?
How many pandas can a grown tiger take on?
If Nazi Germany had as many fighter jets as they did fighter planes in 1939, would they have defeated Britain, France, and the USSR?
Who would win, Kakunsa vs Rozie?
Star Wars: What is the strongest universe that Star Wars can defeat ?
Who'd win, Iron Fist, Black Panther, and Daredevil vs. Batman, Nightwing, and Red Hood?
Who'd win, The Inquisitor vs. Talion?
A enhanced Silverback Gorilla, strongest thing he can defeat.
Who would win this combat: Dragonball Super's "Hit" vs. Naruto's "Itachi". For this imaginary matchup, they have the same power levels, and can only rely on their unique abilities?
Who would win in a war between the Covenant in their prime or the Protoss in their prime?
A shadow appears over Marvel Earth. A powerful entity who's only purpose is to consume the multiverse. His name is.......Unicron.
Who would win, new 52 Superman or Pre-New 52 Superman versus Reborn Superman? Why?
Who'd win, Wonder woman vs Thor?
Who would win this battle: Ares vs Wonder Woman?
Which animal would win if a tiger fought an alligator and why?
Who would win in a fight between a python and an anaconda?
Who'd win, Talion vs Geralt of Rivia?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Bruce Wayne wielding two Mjolnirs vs Muhammed Ali and Vladimir Klitschko with boxing Gloves made of lead, and why?
Harry Potter and Lord Voldemort are both stripped of magical power. Who wins the fistfight?
Is there a formula to win in a horse race?
Is the Collector in MCU dead?
David Xanatos vs Lex Luthor: Who would be the victor?
Was it common after WWII for German POWs to stay in America after their imprisonment?
Who'd win, Floyd Mayweather finds himself in the Dragon Ball Universe and enters Tournament of Power with a power level equivalent to his skills as a boxer?
Who would win this fight: Saitama VS Adam Conover?
Anthropomorphized Brain Metaphor Battle Royale!
Who would win in a fight? Mario or Luigi?
Who would win this brawl: Guts vs every named game of thrones character at once?
Who would win, Superboy-Prime or Goku?
If all U.S. Presidents, at the age they were elected, were to fight each other to the death, who would win?
Ant Man vs. The Atom : Who would be the winner?
Yang Xiao Long Vs. Metal Bat: Who would be victorious?
Has life became a race and only winning it has been our goal?
Aquaman vs Crocodile: Who would be victorious?
Who'd win, Team Scorpion Vs Team Ghost Rider?
Could Gandalf the Grey have defeated Smaug as he did Durin's Bane?
How tall was Khal Drogo, and who would win in a fight between Drogo and the Mountain?
Roronoa Zoro vs The Sinister Six: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight, Toph or Erza?
Which fictional US president would make the best US president?
If a human were in a barehanded fight to death with five chickens, who would win? If the human would win, how many chickens would we need to kill it?
Who would win in a war between Nigeria and Indonesia if they were neighbors?
Do you believe Corey Stewart will win the Senate Race for Virginia against Tim Kaine?
Sephiroth vs Vergil: Who would claim victory?
Who’s the least powerful superhero you would choose to protect you from Thanos?
Luis Suarez is now a vampire, how much of Fifa can he turn and which player/team could stop him: Who would be the champion?
Would She-Ra be able to beat Wonder Woman?
Who is the strongest character Baby Broly can defeat?
Avatar Aang must take out the Fire Nation Royal Family during Sozin's Comet. Can he do it?
Who would win in a fight to the death between an ostrich and cassowary?
How many gorillas would it take to beat Batman, Captain America, and Master Chief?
What will happen if Jammu and Kashmir separate from each other?
Who would claim victory out of Venom Vs. Weiss Schnee, and why?
Who would win, Guts With a Combat Knife vs Animal Ladder?
Who would win, Dende or Mr. Pop?
Who would win in a fight, Kratos from God of War or one of the Seven Deadly Sins?
In Game of Thrones, who would win if old Eddard and old Robert had a fight?
What are some core differences between a combat engineer and infantry in the army?
You're paradropped into North Korea with the following equipment/allies. do you topple Kim's dictatorship? Who would win?
Who will win and why, Rapture from Bioshock series versus Atlantis from DC?
If America starts World War 3, as an Australian living in New Zealand, how do I not be on America’s side?
If there was a Battle Royale-style fight between every popular Quoran, who would win?
You're approached by a sadistic and creative mafia boss. Who would win?
You have 200 "lives". you are armed with weapon you own. Can you kill the President? How many lives do you lose? Who would win?
Is Qyuki a competitor to Touchtalent? If so ,who will win the race?
Who would win out of Furious Five vs. TMNT, and why?
Is there still a way Hillary Clinton can win the 2016 presidential race?
Beerus the God of Destruction and Galactus, Devourer of Worlds , switch universes just as they arrive to destroy the Earth. How does each world fare?
What if the U.S. and Russia shared a land border? Who would win a full-scale conventional war between the two without nukes?
Preclassic Maya vs. Roman Empire in a full out war, who would win?
Who would win, Darth Bane with Death Field vs Galen Marek?
Who would win a war between China and Japan, if the U.S. decided to stay neutral?
Featured Character: Sakura Kinomoto
Who would win, The tenth doctor vs Old World Blues?
Finn the Human vs. Ash Ketchum
Who would win, Colossus and Juggernaut versus Hulk?
The following superheros must lift an object from the ground to above their heads. No buffs such as Superman sunbathing or Hal Jordan having a blue lantern nearby. Using percentages , what is the heaviest object each hero can lift: Who would win?
15 regular sized Titans vs. 3 Colossi: Who would win?
What are the chances of a civilian winning in a hand-to-hand combat with a U.S. Marine? Perhaps my real question would be, does the Marine Corps Martial Arts Program of the U.S. Marines render a marine invincible?
Who would win, Megaman X vs Cyborg?
Who would win this match: Deathmatch: 1 Great White Shark vs 30 Unarmed Navy Seals?
Is this war likely to be the World War 3?
Who would be the winner out of Gigantopithecus VS Tiger, and why?
Who would win this duel: John Wick vs. Other Keanus?
Who would be the winner out of Crocodile vs Iceman, and why?
Who would win, Count Dooku vs Severus Snape?
What will eventually win, PCM or DSD-based format?
WhoWouldWin is trending today. Here's what that means.
4 men fight to the death with 4 different sets of traits
MCU Hand to hand combat tournament
If all countries engaged in a war without nukes and without allies, how would it turn out?
Who would have the edge out of Paul Muad-Dib vs. Shadow, and why?
Who would win, Sakura vs Tsunade?
Who is the strongest character that Little Mac could beat in a traditional boxing match?
A Man of Average Fitness escaping an Aggressive Walrus
Who would win, Grievous vs IG-88?
Can a liger beat up a polar bear
Titan Legion VS. Londo Bell: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Genji vs Gray Fox?
Who would win in a battle between Batman and Sherlock Holmes?
Who'd win, Calvin from Life Vs Wolf Predator?
Who would be the victor out of Brock Sampson and Butler are tasked with killing RoboCop, and why?
Majin Buu absorbs your favourite character
You can choose 3 characters from Overwatch to take down Batman. Who would win?
Who do you think would win in a fight between Spider-Man and Winter Soldier?
Israel in 1967 Replaces South Korea in the Korean War
How to differentiate between multi national conflicts and World war 3?
Yoda vs Gandalf: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the winner out of Wonder Woman and Donna Troy vs. Thor and Beta Ray Bill, and why?
Who would win in a war between Turkey and Pakistan vs Mexico and Brazil, if they were all in one continent?
Who would win: 10 unarmed navy seals OR 1 silver back gorilla in a blank room. No weapons allowed.
Who would win between the combined armies of the entire world and two billion Bob Semple tanks?
Who would win, Hagoromo Ōtsutsuki vs Naruto?
If there was a war between police departments in America, which police department would win?
Is Thor stronger than Hulk?
Köinzell vs. Doctor Octopus: Who would be the victor?
How many wars against France did England win without allied coalitions?
Who is the strongest character who, when bloodlusted, would STILL lose to a mentally and physically disabled baby ant?
Who would win this brawl: Shredder vs Sliver Samurai?
Who would win in a 1v1 between Hawkeye and Deadpool?
Who would win in a battle between Karna and Bhishma?
Doctor House vs. Doctor Cox: Who would win?
Who would win, Rhino vs Colossus?
In a fight between DK YOO and a UFC heavyweight/super heavyweight champion, who would hypothetically win?
I am investigating tools for processing log data. Any opinion on pros/cons with respect to Flume, Chukwa and Scribe. Chukwa being promoted as a Apache Hadoop Subproject may be winning the race?
Who would win, Goku Vs Meng Hao?
Who would win in a conventional war between India and Afghanistan?
Who would win, Earth Mako marines from Enterprise versus Kreniks Death troopers?
Who would be the winner out of Ben 10 vs Independence day aliens, and why?
Who would claim victory out of A horse vs a cow, and why?
Who would come out on top out of Tree of Might vs Lord Slug, and why?
All ants of every species on earth realize their advantage in numbers and decide to team up...
What character can 5/10 or above their Death Battle version?
What are the most obvious reasons for breakup/fights between couples?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Hela?
Happy Black History Banner Fight, everyone!
Who would win, kratos with chain blades and axe or Goku?
Who would win this match: 7 F-22 Raptors vs. Germany's entire WWII airforce?
50 Navy Seals defend the Principality of Sea land from the British Navy of 1750
Who would win in a fight, Captain America or Darkseid?
If Lagertha on the Vikings fought Brienne of Tarth who would win?
Which would win: a pack of spotted hyenas or a pack of timberwolves?
Who will win in a battle between the Justice League of America and the Black Panther and his country of Wakanda?
Who would win, Third Kazekage or Sasori?
What would have happen if World War 3 happened in the late 1980's? Who would win, and how would it have happened? Who would be an ally with who? Where will the fighting happened?
Who would win, Jar Jar binks vs Darth Vader?
Who would win in a fight between The Mountain and a giant?
Who would win in a war between the witches and wizards of Hogwarts and the US army?
Fanboys assemble. Superman vs Goku: Who would have the best chance of winning?
How many zombeavers could Chris Pratt's raptor squad kill?
Who would come out on top out of Stay Puft Marshmellow Man vs Giant Gingerbread man in a giant tub of milk chocolate, and why?
Who'd win, The Marvel Universe VS The DC Universe?
Who would win this match: Gorilla vs Lion?
Who'd win, The Last Engineer vs Hawkeye?
In a race war between East Asians and whites, who will win?
Who would win this war: Buzz Lightyear from the TV Show vs Fox Mccloud?
How many chimps would it take to kill Master Chief?
How many angry donkeys would it take to kill a grown elephant?
Who would win between Superman and White Lantern?
Who would win this battle: Imperial Guard Regiment vs UNSC Marines Regiment?
Who would win in a fight to the death: Batman or the Punisher?
If a fight ensued between Spider-Man and Superman, who would win?
Will Karen Handel win in the GA6 race?
Guts goes to Dark Souls' world
Who would win in a fight between a Twilight vampire and a traditional vampire?
What would happen if Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders win the primaries of their respective parties?
Would the Allied Powers still be able to Win World War II if the Soviet Union was allied with the Axis Powers?
Who would win, Vampire Hunter D, samurai Jack, Afro samurai, and Kenshi v.s. All sword wielding characters in smash 4?
Who would win a battle between Luke Skywalker and Batman?
A hippo gets a red lantern ring. Who is the weakest character that can beat it?
Who would win this brawl: Fanboy Silverback Gorilla vs Batman?
Ash's Charizard vs the Hulk: Who would claim victory?
US President Steve Rogers vs UN Secretary-General Steve Rogers vs crime-fighting vigilante Captain America vs a SEAL Team Six commander Captain America: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a battle between a Chacma baboon and a wolf?
Who'd win, Jimmy Neutron and Timmy Turner have a falling out and become bitter enemies. They both go away for 10 years to train for their deathmatch. Jimmy trains with Tony Stark and Timmy trains with the old wizard Shazam?
Who would win in a fight, a max level Dragonborn or Sole Survivor, and why?
Daredevil, Black Panther, Captain America and Hawkeye vs. Nightwing, Batman, Wildcat and Green Arrow: Who would have the best chance of winning?
How many Indian Elephants does it take to outlast all the Venom in a Fierce Snake / Inland Taipan?
Is there going to be a WWIII in 2018?
Who'd win, Netflix’s Luke Cage vs MCU’s Black Panther?
In an all-out brawl between World War 2 light tanks, which country would win?
The hoards of hell come to Earth. All humans have developed and mastered alpha and omega level mutant powers and unite to fight them. Who wins?
Would Ryuko Matoi be able to survive a punch from Saitama?
Who would be victorious out of Darkseid vs Thanos, and why?
A cow on a skateboard vs a horse with roller skates: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Boba Fett vs. Cad Bane?
Who would win, Gatchans vs Dr. Slump?
Who would win out of John Cena vs. Lucina ....... in the Summer Olympics, and why?
How many humans would it take to beat a gorilla?
Is there any non-omnipotent/omniscient character that can calculate TREE?
Who would win, Armless Tiger Man Vs. Homestarrunner in the Race to the End of the Race?
Venom absorbs Clifford the Big Red Dog, who can Venom the Big Red Nightmare 5/10?
Who would win this match: Dog that won't stop licking your foot vs Cat that won't stop licking your hair. Who drives you to madness first?
Who would win in a fight between Dark Phoenix and a full powered Tyrant?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Sodam Yat?
Who would win a fight between the armies of Jon Snow and Daenerys Targaryen?
Who would win, The Thing Vs. A facility containing some choice characters?
Toph Beifong vs Gaara of the Sand: Who would be the victor?
How does it feel to kill someone for the first time during a war?
If a war is declared between USA and Russia under the current dispensation, who will likely win and why?
How effective would a champion Sumo Wrestler be in a fight?
Is China eager for war?
you vs. yourself 1 year ago Who would win?
Who would win this brawl: MCU Ant Man with his disks vs the MCU and DCEU?
Could the Punisher assassinate the President of the US?
Who would win a war between Turkey, Pakistan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia vs Japan and South Korea?
Who would win in a fight between Anderson Silva and Fedor Emelianenko?
Who would win this fight: Wolverine vs Honey Badger?
Who would win a race between Lord Vishnu and Lord Shiva with their vehicles allowed?
Who would win if the sayins landed on the Pokemon planet?
Will the UN actually be able to prevent WW3?
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs. DC's Sinister Six?
Who would win out of Mas Oyama, a man who killed 52 bulls with his bare hands, versus a Minotaur, and why?
Benedict enters the Fate-Verse
Who would win, Rocinante from the Expanse versus Dutch's ship from Dark Matter TV show?
Who would win in a fight: Batman or The Punisher?
Who'd win, Xehanort vs Makuta Teridax vs Doctor Doom vs Aleister Crowley In Various Games?
Who would win in a battle, the Chousins or the Living Tribunal?
Who would win a conventional war between Taiwan and Turkey? Why?
Kamijou Touma vs Shadow Stalker: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight betwen eric skallagrim and miyamoto musashi?
Who would win this brawl: Bob Lee Swagger vs John Wick?
Who would win this punch-up: Uchiha clan vs. The bat family?
If a male of every species of land animals got together in a death battle, which animal will win?
Who would win in an all-out war : The Federation or The Reapers?
Imagine everyone from whatever one fictitious universe working together. Now pit them against 1,000,000,000 lions, who’d win?
Who would win this brawl: Stephen Hawking vs. Jimmy Boombox?
Who would win in a fight between a Husky and a Belgian malinois?
Who would win, Batman vs Black Panther?
What are your post match thoughts on the UFC fight between Cris Cyborg and Holly Holm?
Who would win in a war between Afghanistan and Tajikistan?
If Bucky Barnes was in a wooden log throwing contest against a small beaver like animal......
Who ar what is the most powerful character, monster, or demon that Buffy the Vampire Slayer could kill?
Who would win in a fight between Marvel's universe and the Naruto universe?
How many lions would it take to beat all 718 current pokemon?
Who would win, Thanos and Darkseid run for president?
Who can Bullet Time Man beat?
Who would win in a fight between Red Lantern and Hulk?
Who would win, Golden Frieza vs GT Frieza?
Have you ever involved yourself in a fight for a girl?
In a naval battle between Napoleon or Admiral Yi Sun Sin, who would win?
Who would come out on top out of Shang Chi vs Batman, and why?
Who would win this battle: Thor VS Iron Man: Avengers 1 Rematch?
Who do you think will win if Jiren and Thanos fought?
Who would win a war between the Amazons and the Valkyries?
Did Noonan defeat Ertugral?
What kind of standard issue PDW/Carbine/Rifle do they carry in modern German and American tankers in the time frame between 2014-2018? Do tankers also take along other non-standard firearms in a combat zone to supplement their issued ones?
All Humans Alive vs 120,000 T-Rex.
Who would win, Galactus or Onslaught?
Who would win in a fight between Amarendra Baahubali and Bhallaladeva?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a death fight between Randy Orton and Roman Reigns? How?
Why hasn’t Trump prepared his army for a possible war with Iran so far?
Who would win in a fight between Black Adam and Thor? Why?
Who would win in a fight between a raccoon and a dog?
Who would win a battle between Etrigan and Ghost Rider?
Was there a fist fight between Trump and Rex Tillerson?
Do you think if Donald Trump wins the race, there will be a huge rise of intolerance in the US?
What would happen in a NATO vs. BRICS war?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of 15 Spartan II's with no armor/weapons vs 100 Titans from Attack on Titan, and why?
Who would win if the world went to war by race?
Poe Dameron VS Wolf O'Donnell: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Help settle an argument: Three deathrow Prisoners vs a fully grown Tiger?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Krillin?
Who would win in a fight, Sakura, Korra, Erza, or Zelda? Why?
If every member of the Avengers fought all of the members of the Justice league who would win?
Which database should I use for a killer web application I’m working on: MongoDB, PostgreSQL, or MySQL, with MongoDB/Redis as secondary?
Why isn't /r/bleach in the people we like section?
Who would win, a tiger or a bear?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Batman vs. Ant Man, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Ebony Maw and Thanos?
Who would win, Magneto or Composite Mewtwo?
Could Hagrid raise a baby Balrog to adulthood?
Which country will become a superpower after WW3 according to Nostradamus?
Superman loses his usual powers but has all his Silver Age powers. How does he fare now?
Your favorite character must defeat the Skyrim campaign without almost any powers.
Who would win between 300,000 modern North Korean soldiers and 600,000 Nazi soldiers in an urban environment?
Who would win in a fight between a silverback gorilla, a grizzly bear, and a jaguar?
A blood lusted Clifford the Big Red dog vs Caesar Millan: Dog Whisperer: Who would come out on top?
Who would win this battle: MCU Avengers vs Ash's Team?
Goku vs Naruto: Who would win?
If a Space Marine Librarian fought Darth Vader, who would win?
Who would win in a death match between a well-built adult Male human and a full grown Lion? Or Tiger?
20 Bloodlusted Polar Bears Spawn on a NYC Subway Train. Can they clear the subway cars?
Who would win in a fight between Orga and Gypsy Danger?
Would the UK fight in WW3?
Assuming there would be a war between Saudi-Arabia and Israel , if we compare the forces of Israel vs. Saudi-Arabia and leave aside Israel's atomic bombs, who would win?
Hypothetically, would the US or China win in an all out war? No allies included either.
Voldemort & Ronan the Accuser vs Groot and Kanan Jarrus: Who would have the edge?
How did NASA win the space race if everything was public?
Who will win a smack down battle between Kim Kardashian and Nicki Minaj?
Who'd win in a fight- Shaggy Man or Juggernaut?
Who wins between the Black Panther vs the Winter Soldier?
Who would win this brawl: Gordon Ramsay vs Vladimir Putin?
What would happen if Iran declares war on Mexico?
Who is the weakest character that can defeat the Navy Seal Copypasta Guy?
Who would win, Toshiro Hitsugaya vs Dormamu?
Who would win in close-medium range combat between a Tiger II and an IS-3?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Sonic?
My school vs a US army company
Who would win a fight between these comic superheroes?
Who would win a foot race between Captain America and Black Panther? Who would be the better sprinter and long distance runner?
Dale Gribble with pocket Sand and a Desert Eagle Vs Anakin Skywalker: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight between 1,000,000 flat earthers and 1,000 Princess Lunas?
Which US President would be the best at doing crimes?
In a team battle royale between every domestic dog and every domestic cat on Earth, which team will win?
Which superhero/villain would be the strongest when he/she developed the ability of flight?
It's the last battle. The hoards of hell come to earth. Humans all have the powers of Superman and unite to fight them. Who wins and why?
Who would win: Movie Deadpool or Comic Deadpool?
Featured Character: Black Dynamite
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Stephen Hawking vs a sloth, and why?
Composite Cat vs. Composite Dog: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this combat: Zemo vs The Joker?
Who would win, Uncanny Avengers vs Resurrected Hulk?
In a equal battle between Genghis Khan and alexander the great who will win?
Who would win, Shinsan vs the Seanchan?
Who would win a war between Spain and Brazil if neither side brought any allies to the fight?
Who'd win, The Mechanist and Iron Man vs Ant Agonizer and Ant Man?
Who would win, Jessica Jones vs. Doctor Octopus ?
its historical/modern warrior fight time first comanche horse warrior vs hunnic combosite bowmen
Who would win a war between India and Afghanistan?
Who would win a presidential race between Barack Obama and Donald J. Trump?
Who would claim victory out of Between Doctor Who, Doctor Doom, Doctor Fate, Doctor Strange, Dr Manhattan, and Doctor Octopus who would perform the better surgery, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and the Flash?
If Patton and Hitler fought to the death, who would win?
Your favorite "god" character runs a god ladder.
Who would win this punch-up: Red Hood Vs Winter Soldier?
Who would win in a fight, Lucy Heartfilia or Bayonetta?
If only taking sword skills into consideration with no armor whatsoever, who would win in a fight between a knight and samurai?
Who would win this punch-up: Gorilla Grodd vs. The Teen Titans?
Who do you think can win, Batman or Samus Aran?
Who would win in a fight: Ant-Man or Iron Man?
Batman and Captain America are both kidnapped by the Grandmaster. Both are stripped to loin cloths and fitted with permanent Agonizers that will shock them until they die if they aren't fighting to their best ability. Which one would beat the other?
The Bat-Family vs The X-men: Who would be victorious?
Shadow gives out discipline
Luke Skywalker vs Gamora: Who would win?
Every US president is 35 years old and is pitted against each-other in a last man standing free for all. Who wins?
Who would win, The ghost of Obi Wan Kenobi vs Everyone Snake can talk to in his communicator at getting Scrooge to mend his wicked ways?
Who would have won between Itachi and Madara?
Who will win in a fight between Magneto and Brainiac?
Indominus Rex vs every tourist at Jurassic World: Who would be the victor?
Black Dynamite vs Sleepy John Estes: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight, Deadshot or Minato?
Who would win, The Three Amigos vs The Three Velociraptors from Jurrasic park?
I think we've been underestimating Elsa
Superheroes as Fate Series Servants
Who would win, Kirby vs Pac Man?
Who'd win, A Taekkyeon master and a Capoeira master vs a Kangaroo?
Who would win out of Robbie Reyes vs Devil Dinosaur, and why?
Who would win in a war between Ram and Krishna, with Hanuman and his army supporting Ram and the Pandavas supporting Krishna?
Who would win in a fight between the Avengers and the Justice League?
Who'd win, One day, you find yourself in the middle of a very dangerous street fight. Choose one of the following weapons and one of the following skills that you would use to fight off your opponent?
Who'd win, Sauron VS. Nightmare?
My 2-year-old son always gives up in a fight and is easily threatened. How do I teach him to fight back/stand up for himself?
How would Batman fare in a fight against another superhero?
Who would win this punch-up: Dragonball Super Universe 7 team vs. Dragonball Villain All-Star team?
Who'd win, A total war between the United States of America and the European Union?
Who would win in a fight between Homer Simpson and Peter Griffin, why?
Grendel alien verses, The Wolf
If Luke Skywalker fought against Anakin before he was Darth Vader in an alternate reality, who would win?
Who would win in a war between the US Army and US citizens? No nukes allowed.
Who would win in a fight, Eternity, Infinity, Oblivion, Death or Galactus?
Who'd win, Aquaman and Magneto vs. Wonder Woman and Hawkman?
Who would win between Batgirl and Batwoman, and why?
Who would win, Triumph, the comic insult dog versus Gordon Ramsay?
Who'd win, Iceman vs The Human Torch?
Who would win this duel: Spatial Manipulation vs Time Manipulation?
Who would win in a war between Morocco and Algeria vs Mexico and Cuba?
If North Korea unexpectedly invaded the Philippines, who would win, if the U.S. and China declined to intervene?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The Street Sharks vs The Mighty Ducks, and why?
Who'd win, Steven Hawking vs Helen Keller?
Can Batman alone defeat JL?
If there was a war between India and Africa, who would win?
I recently re-watched King Kong and Hulk. Wouldn't a fight between these two make for a great watch, or would it be the fight of the century?
PlayStation and Xbox fanboys go to war. They are outfitted with weapons, armor, and abilities from each side's exclusive games. Who wins the war?
Who would win in a fight, Doomsday or Shadow the Hedgehog?
Who would win, Raiden vs. Thor?
Who would win, Monkey vs Dog?
Who would be the victor out of Batman, Geralt of Rivia, Bigby Wolf, and Van Helsing get placed into Scooby-Doo movies. Who can solve each mystery first, and why?
Considering Star Trek , who would win a war of the Dominion versus the Covenant from Halo?
How would a fight go between Cyborg and Catwoman?
Suddenly, a new continent emerges
Who would win a war between Norway and the Baltic countries?
Who would win, Natasha Romanoff vs Melinda May?
Who would win: Megalodon or Pliosaurus?
Who would win a fight between Kid Goku or Sarada Uchiha?
Who would win a one-on-one duel, James Potter or Severus Snape?
Mick Taylor v Errol Childress
Who'd win, Polar bear vs Spanish fighting bull?
Two clones of that annoying customer from Gravity Falls: one with a puma shirt, one with a panther shirt.
Who would come out on top out of The team from Predator vs. The Expendables in a jungle fire fight, and why?
Who'd win, Fancalc whale from "Heart of the Sea" vs a US Navy Carrier Strike Group ?
Who would you rank as the top 3 fighters in the show universe of Game of Thrones at the moment?
Featured Character: Samurai Jack
Who would win, Honey badger vs wolverine vs tasmanian devil?
Who would win, Superman Prime or Sentry?
What would happen if Donald Trump decides to declare war on Mexico and robs their banks to pay for the wall?
What are the pros and cons of enrolling young children in a martial arts program?
Who would win in a fight between Kabuto and Tobi against Natsu and Grey?
You are now Undead . How many times do you die while running the following gauntlet? Who would win?
Who would win this combat: Fox's Magneto, Phoenix and Apocalypse takes on MCU?
Who would win, MCU Black Panther or DCEU Deathstroke?
Who'd win, MCU Avengers vs DC CW?
Shuri vs Tony Stark: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight - Percy Jackson or Aquaman?
If Marvel and DC superheroes competed against each other in the Olympics, who would win which medals?
Who would win out of DCEU Superman vs Saitama but, and why?
Superman now has 1hp, i.e. he will die to a single touch, bullet, etc. Who can beat him who couldn’t before?
Who would win, UNSC Marines vs Stormtroopers?
Who would win, Psylocke vs Gazelle?
Who would win this brawl: One elephant sized sized Tommy Wiseau vs a hundred Tommy Wiseau sized elephants?
Every dog in D.C gains a blood-lust for the president's hair. Can the secret service protect the commander in chief's toupee?
Who would be the champion out of The Borg vs The Culture. Both civilizations in a total war of Assimilation vs Annihilation, and why?
Who will win the clash between Rajinikanth's 2.0 and Avengers: Infinity War?
Your favorite character gets the powers of everyone they have beaten in combat. Who can they defeat?
The entire Ultramarines chapter replaces 1,000 Jedi during the Jedi Civil War . How does the Republic fare?
Who would be the champion out of A bear, crocodile, alligator, dragon*, and a crow get thrown into a bar, and why?
Is there any Marvel Vigilante who can defeat the Hulk?
Who would win, Northern Cyprus or Cyprus itself?
Donald Trump has ordered Seal Team 6 to capture London Mayor Sadiq Khan. Can they do it?
Who would win in a fight between Rainbow Dash and a Warhammer 40k Imperial Dreadnought?
Can Grand Admiral Thrawn *Really* Win the Battle of Endor?
Who would win in an all out war between India and Australia?
Who'd win, 10 billion Elephants, 10 Billion tigers, 10 Billion cheeta's, and 10 billion Werewolves vs the Human race?
Who would win a fight between Val Hallen and Thor?
Chess: Carlsen vs. Fischer: who would win?
Who would win in a fight between an Asiatic black bear and an Indian leopard?
Aliens with a desire to challenge humanities creative abilities come to earth.
Who would win, Hulk or Thanos?
Who will win in a war between Africa and Europe?
So, I totally didn't make up this superhero, Beetleman, but now that I've got your attention, who's the strongest he could beat?
Who'd win, Batman vs Joker in a version of the game Shiritori, featured in the anime "No Game, No Life"?
Who would come out on top out of Chosen Dovahkiin vs. Bed Of Bullshit, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Lobo and Ghost Rider?
Who would win a fight between Clint Eastwood and John Wayne?
Hypothetically speaking, how would the combined European Union fare in a world war with global superpowers?
In a hypothetical war between Philippines and Malaysia, which would win?
Who would win in a fight, Quicksilver or Ruby Rose?
Who would win this duel: composite shark vs kraken?
Who would win, Batman with Hellbat armor or Stephenwolf?
Who would win this fight: 10 Round boxing match between Balrog from Street Fighter II and Curly Howard hopped up on Pop Goes the Weasel?
Who would win in a fight, Kid Naruto or Typhlosion?
Who will win if a nuclear war breaks out between North Korea and the USA?
In 1998, there was this WW3 mockumentary. Basically the hardline communist successfully carried out a coup and started WW3 in 1991. Is this realistic, somewhat realistic, or straight up unlikely? Film link below.
Thor and Wonder Woman team up. Who's the weakest character that can kill them in a fight? Who's the strongest character that they can kill in a fight?
Who would be the winner out of Benders vs. Jedi vs. Wizards, and why?
Steven Hawking replaces Neo in the Matrix. He is now The One.
Who would win, Rune King Thor or Darkside?
Could a space marine stop the end times?
Who would win, Jaco the Intergalactic Patrolman vs Krillin?
Who would win in a fight between The Flash and Deadpool?
Who would win in a fight: Darkseid or Goku?
Can the strongest known human fight a gorilla and win?
Who would be the best president of the United States between Ron Swanson, Michael Scott, and Robert Baratheon?
Who would win, A boa constrictor made of molten iron vs. a ten-foot-long literal rock lobster?
It's a regular day on New York, and suddenly, robots swarm the city. Tony Stark sees this on TV and suits up, flying to the battle. After taking them down, he finds Dr. Eggman, the leader of it all, using a Death Egg Robot suit. Can Iron Man take down Dr. Robotnik, or will Robotnik flatten him?
Who would win in a fight, Batgirl or Robin?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Trigon?
Who would win in a war between the USA vs China and the UK?
Team of the Month: Ala Alba
Can Danny Phantom catch every ghost type Pokemon?
Who would win in a hand to hand combat between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Bruce Lee?
Who would win, Hueco Mundo versus Leaf & Sand Village?
Sonic and Superman both learn the kamehameha from Goku: Who wins in a beam clash?
Who would win, Flash Wally West or Cloud?
Which civilization would be better fit to take on the White Walker threat from ASOIaF/GoT: Westeros and Essos or Harry Potter's global Wizarding civilization?
The Master Chief wakes up in King's Landing, with his armor intact but no weapons. What happens?
Who would win, Naruto vs Saitama?
Who would win in a crazy fantasy fist fight between Anne Frank and Lizzie Borden?
300 UFC fighters take on 25 alpha male Silverback Gorillas. Who would win?
Can 10 mall ninjas armed with katanas and karambits kill a Siberian Tiger?
Who's the weakest superhero who would be unbeatable in our world.
Do you think we could see a War In The North movie in Peter Jackson's Middle Earth universe? Or is it unlikely now because of Amazon now have the rights to Lord of the rings material?
What would happen if intelligent extraterrestrial life only 100 years ahead of humans in technology invaded earth to take it over?
Who would win outside a MMA ring or octagon, a MMA fighter, or a Judo Sensei?
Who would win, Lara Croft , Aiden Pearce , Nathan Drake , Joel , and Solid Snake are all hiding from Batman in an epic game of hide and seek in New York City?
Who will win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Mantis?
Who would win, Marvel "Peak human" team vs DC 'Peak Human" team?
Who would come out on top out of Sand dan Glokta vs Honorius Jorg Ancrath, and why?
Was there a queen or any female leaders in human history that fought alongside with her army?
Who would win, Desmond or Lucy?
Who would win this fight: Dogfight: Millennium Falcon VS YF-29 Durandal?
Who would win in a fight between the Flash's Rogues and the Suicide Squad?
Who would win a battle between a 21st century soldier and a fully armored 18th century highly skilled warrior?
Who would win in a battle between Piper Mclean and Hazel Levesque?
Who Would Win out of every Assassin's Creed Protagonist?
Who would win in a fight, Izuku Midoriya or Yang?
Comic book Olympics
Darth Vader and a Librarian vs Master Chief, Ur Didact and the entire Halo fandom: Who would be victorious?
Toy Story's Army men -vs- Pinky and the Brain: Who would be the winner?
Who would win: Star Wars or Halo?
The Star Trek captains in a chess boxing tournament.
Your favorite non-omniscient character runs a wolf ladder...
What's the physically strongest animal a human could fight an even 5/10 barehanded?
Realistically, could the U.S. win a war against China and Russia without any outside assistance?
Who would win in a fight, Netero or Sasuke?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Aquaman?
Who would come out on top out of The 9 Tailed Fox vs the entire U.S military, and why?
Suppose your faith, nation, race, family, sexuality, gender, ethics, and any other creed all conflict. Which loyalty wins out, and in which order?
Teen Wolf VS My Babysitter's a Vampire: Who would win?
Who would win, Donald Trump vs Kanye West in a genius off?
Dragonborn attempts to take the Iron Throne
All the Classic Mega Man Wily Bots in a free for all.
Eleven from Stranger Things meets Eddie Painter from Channel Zero: Candle Cove. Who would win?
the god emperor of mankind is broke. how much can he get off the pawn stars for his Armour?
The Avengers vs Justice League in a cake baking contest: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a full power battle between Naruto and Minato?
If Santa Claus fought Godzilla, who would win?
Who would win in a war between Middle-earth and the New Zealand Armed Forces?
Izuku Midoriya from MHA gets taught drunken boxing by Jackie Chan.
Who would win in a fight, Korra or Doomsday?
Who would win in a fight, Itachi or Shadow the Hedgehog?
North Korea faces their biggest threat yet. Donald Trump with nanomachines son.
Who would win a fight in an open field: 1,000 Roman soldiers or 10 fully-equipped Navy SEALs with unlimited ammo? Would the Navy SEALs eventually get overwhelmed?
Who would win this battle: The Next Avengers vs The Teen Titans?
Kratos vs MCU Thor: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between the Justice League and the Justice Society?
Who would win, Darkseid or MCU Thanos?
Who would win in a rap battle between Joyner Lucas and G-Eazy?
Who would win: Batman vs Batman?
Who would win in a war between Westoros, Middle Earth, Equestria, Hyrule, Toril , Azeroth, the Avatar world and Earth circa. WW1?
Who would win in a fight between Vietnam and Belarus?
Who would win in a fight, Korra or Laxus Dreyar?
Who would win this fight: One Hungry Asian vs. Ten Angry Cats?
What is the most fun/impressive/interesting noncombat application of a superpower?
How many great white sharks would it take to defeat Killer Croc?
Trout v Kangaroo
Who would have the edge out of Beaver VS Eagle, and why?
Who would win a fight between Superman & Martian Manhunter vs Hulk & Thor?
New weekly Who would win knowledge off! Week 1: Who knows the most about Superman?
Who would win, Final Form Frieza vs Jiren?
Who Can Lucifer Morningstar Beat
Who would win this war: MUI Goku and MCU Thanos with the IG and mastery of the Speedforce versus 616 Thanos with the IG?
Who would win in a fight, Robert Baratheon in his prime vs The Mountain?
Disney Hercules vs Krillin: Who would be the winner?
If you are a tiger, and another person is a turtle, who will win?
Who'd win, A Vampire VS A Toddler covered from head to toe in garlic cloves?
Who would be victorious out of Anakin, Obi-Wan and Dooku vs Sidious, and why?
Thor vs Superman: Who would be victorious?
Who wins between a WWII Waffen SS and the Roman Empire?
You get 3 random super powers and have to fight 2 random heroes and 2 random villains. Can you survive? Who would win?
Who would win, SEAL Team Six vs Nightwing?
The Iron Giant vs Clifford the Big Red Dog: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, "Saiyan Beyond Gods" Son Goku or "Mortal Above Gods" Jiren?
An Angry Giraffe Vs. An Angry Chimpanzee
Who would win in a fight, 100 Samurais or 1000 ninjas?
My roommate's stuffed animal dog vs My stuffed animal dinosaur
Every country in the world is instantly cut off from communicating and trading with the rest of the world. Or ever leaving their waters. Which country lasts the longest?
Who'd win, The frog from Amazing Frog? Vs. the goat from Goat Simulator?
Constantine vs. Ghost rider: Who would be victorious?
Wallace and Gromit, Ricky and Morty, Tony Stark, MacGyver and the Kids Next Door are in a scrapheap the size of New York, who would be the last man standing: Who would be the winner?
Who is better equipped to deal with an angry grizzly bear: a human with a loud air-horn, or a human with a bright strobe light?
Mumen Rider obtains a Green Lantern Ring. Who can defeat the cyclist for justice?
Who would win in a fight, Godzilla or Sonic?
Who'd win, Badger Vs. Bobcat?
Which animal would win in a battle between a leopard and a cougar?
A question on the motivation and psychology of racing and competition. How much of a race is won by beating the competitor in front of you or in achieving personal goals within a race that have nothing to do with actually winning that race?
Saitama vs. the Akatsuki: Who would win?
What’s the weakest buff or piece of equipment Wallace needs to beat Goku?
In a hypothetical fight, which would have the edge - the Sukhoi Su-30MKI or the F-22?
Lightning Farron + Caius Ballad vs MCU Avengers + movieverse X-Men
Your first waifu vs your latest husbando
Who is the weakest character who could beat "That Kid" if he has the abilities that he claims he has?
In a death match between Death, Oblivion, Eternity, Infinity, and Galactus, who would win and how would the fight play out?
Most powerful dog breed
After Trump-winning states such as OH, IA, AZ, GA, which Republican states have the greatest potential to be won by a Democrat in the 2020 race?
Can a wolf defeat a Boerboel?
Who would win in a fight, Frieza or Beerus?
What colonies would Germany have taken if it had won the First World War?
Who would win this battle: Harvey Weinstein vs Kevin Spacey?
What are the best sports movies that are not about Baseball, Basketball or American Football?
All 45 Presidents must live in a large one-room apartment , for an entire year. Can they survive each other?
Your favorite villain runs a huge ladder.
Do skinny guys have any advantages in a fight?
All Might VS The Incredible Hulk
Is there any single mutant who could hold the mountain fort at the end of X-Men: Days of Future Past?
Princess Azula vs. Bakugo: Who would win?
In light of the new Captain America trailer, who would actually win in a fight between Scarlet Witch and The Vision?
Who will win a fight between a Rakshasa and Brahmarakshasas?
Who'd win, Scorpion vs the ghost rider?
Who'd win, Hulk Hogan vs. Sting vs. Bret Hart vs. Liu Kang vs. Kitana vs. Superman vs. Wonder Woman?
Who'd win, Season 1 Aang vs New 52 Batman vs a silverback male Gorilla vs an aggressive male Grizzly Bear vs a pissed off male Hippo?
What if Aragorn did not release the army of the dead and took them to fight at the Black Gate of Mordor?
Who would win, minecraft steve vs goku?
Natsu vs sasuke: Who would claim victory?
Were there direct fights between the USSR and USA forces?
If the top five strongest countries fought the next 15 strongest countries who would win?
Who would win in a fight: a Tyrannosaurus rex or a mammoth?
Can Lich King Arthas invade and destroy Tamriel ?
You vs The Domesticated Animal Kingdom Who would win?
Who would win: Sentry and Blue Marvel vs Superboy Prime and Hyperion?
You pass through all metal as if it's not there. Who's the strongest you can beat? Who would win?
What if Pakistan declares war against the USA?
250 Melee Combat Experts vs the US Army: Who would have the edge?
What does modern air warfare look like?
Who would win a war if Mexico fought Texas? No other US states are involved.
Who would claim victory out of Wonder Woman vs Gorr, The God Butcher, and why?
Who would win this fight: Space Wolfs vs U.S Army with a twist?
Static Shock vs. Green Lantern: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight: Mike Tyson versus a tiger ?
Who would win? All of the Office characters combined into one person, or all of the Parks and Rec characters combined into one person?
Who would win a fight between Iron Mike Tyson vs Mohammed Ali?
Archer and Lana VS Peter Griffin and Brian in an IQ test
What are some of the most epic last stands in history?
Who would win this match: The Eds + Jonny Bravo + You vs. The Covenant?
Who'd win, Thor vs Raditz?
Heavy Freight Train V Large Sequoia Tree
Can Shadow Stalker capture Reaper ?
Who will win in an MMA bout between Jon Jones and Anthony Johnson?
can 100 Bloodlusted Saitamas defeat Annihilus in combat?
You are a cursed inanimate object. Can you kill the President? Who would win?
Who'd win, Azula vs Endeavor?
Who would win a fight between, a Minotaur and the Hulk?
Which of the Xmen Mutants can be defeated by and armed space Marine in 1v1 combat?
Who would win the Hero Indian Super League?
Neckbeard creators battle royale
Who would win, Kankuro or Kakashi?
Can Squidward protect his stash of Krabby Patties away from the Tom and Jerry ants?
Who would win in a fight among Ego , Doramamu , and pre-Infinity War Thanos?
Who would win out of EoS Naruto vs. Shadow Mewtwo, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Naruto and Aang?
Every man on Earth combined into a giant Man, and every ant on Earth combined into a giant Ant
The 75th hunger games replace the normal combatants with these characters from the multiverse
If all animals that live in the water suddenly grew legs, could breath outside of water and grew the urge to fight all land animals. Who would win in this epic battle?
Who would win, Gon Freecss or Meruem?
Who would win in a rap battle between Lil Wayne and Bruce Wayne?
Who'd win, Batman vs You?
How will Australia be impacted if the Syrian conflict sparks World War III?
Who would win out of Dalek vs. Space Marine, and why?
In a hypothetical war between Cybermen and the Sontaran Empire, who would win?
You are AMAZO. How can you beat the Justice League using only the powers of 5 Non-DC and Non-Marvel powers? Who would win?
Who would win in a war between Eritrea and Namibia if they are neighbors?
What do political analysts think of ww3, do they think its right around the corner?
Who would win in a tennis game a human or parasaur?
If there were an invasion of the USA, wouldn't it be good for American citizens to have the right to bear arms?
Will Northampton be part of WWIII?
Who would win in a fight between River Song and River Tam?
The Marvel Draft
Who would win, Fight continued: WWH vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win in a fight, Gogeta or Superman?
Who would win, The God Emperor of Mankind Vs Galactus?
Goku v Supermeran
how many waterbending and firebending masters do you need to beat current todoroki shoto
Who would win in a fight between all the Navy SEALs and all of ISIS?
Gray Wolf vs. Chimpanzee: Who would come out on top?
Can Jacob and Evie Frye assassinate Sherlock Holmes?
Who would win in a fight between all the Batman villains?
What will be the demand for cyber security in the future? Is this possible that it will be the effective weapon for world war 3?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand combat between 'Steve Rogers' and 'Bruce Wayne’?
If all characters you can think of suddenly had to face theirs shadows / true selves in Persona 4 style, which shadow would be the most powerful?
Who'd win, Wonder Woman finds Mjolnir and is deemed worthy to wield it. Who can she beat now that she couldn't before?
What would happen if women went to war?
Who would win, Black Cat and Domino vs Black Canary and Catwoman?
Who is the least intelligent animal character that could beat Tiddles the Tortoise in a tree-climbing competition?
Throwdown of the Titans! Team Asgard vs Team Olympus: Who would come out on top?
You walk into a barbershop and see Vladimir Putin, Paul the Octopus, a velociraptor, a guy high as fuck on PCP, a Chinese acrobat, and Chuck E Cheese. In three seconds a brawl breaks out. How do you fare? Who would win?
How important is today's win for united against spurs in the title race?
Who will win a battle between One Above All and Lord Shiva?
Who would win in a fight, Superman vs Deadshot with Kryptonite bullets?
Breaking News: Four Adult Tyrannosaurus Rexes Terrorize the Streets of New York
Who would win in a death battle between tyrannosaurus rex and a triceratops?
There's a DLC character in Saints Row 4 called The Dominatrix, you fight her during this bit set up like flashbacks during a "Deleted scenes+interview with the case" thing. At one point, she RESETS THE DLC. How strong does this make her?
Could Crash Bandicoot escape North Korea
Who'd win a fight between a pro heavyweight MMA fighter and a tiger?
Who win in a fight, Mangog or WWH?
Is there a breed of domesticated dog that can beat a wild wolf 1v1 6/10 times?
Who would win this battle: Batman vs Arkham Knight?
My first Who Would Win post: US Presidents, Democrats vs Republicans
Have you ever been in a fight in prison?
Who is the strongest character 1000 adult humans with baseball bats could defeat?
{Death Battle} Wiz vs Boomstick
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a fight to the death, Aragorn or Grom Hellscream?
Who would win in a fight between Dumbledore, Grindelwald, and Voldemort together vs the whole Aurors organization?
Who would be the winner out of Ironspider vs Black Panther, and why?
Who wins in a battle between Thanos and Skreet vs the Justice League of America?
How can I get free money and FP on PES Club Manager?
Who would win this combat: Cats and dogs now have hyper toxic teeth and claws that kill only a few minutes after contact. How the hell does humanity survive?
Who would win, Vegeta or Darkseid?
How does Superman beat Kryptonite Man in a fight?
Who would win a fight, Kisame or Aquaman?
Strongest character Mewtwo could beat?
Who would win a race to Titan? DC Earth vs Marvel Earth
What weapon would the average human need to have to at least 6/10 an enraged Hippopotamus
If the Alexander-led army came to China at that time, who would win the war? Why?
Who will win a drag race, FZ 250 or Duke 200?
My Hero Academia meet The X-Men!
DC and Marvel put all their own superheroes into one big superhero, who would win between a battle all of DC heroes and all of Marvel heroes?
100 of my Wife versus an elephant: Who would win?
You are in the middle of a bowling alley. You see yourself surrounded by these characters, and they are eyeing each other like they're about to fight to the death. How would you survive? Who would win?
How powerful would the "Omni-Human" be?
Who would win, Helles vs Marcarita?
Biggest species of rhino vs large aggressive male hippo: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Spawn VS Ghost Rider?
All 50 United States go to war with each other, but there's one catch...
Who would win in a fight between Cosmic Spider-Man and Death Seed Sentry?
Who'd win, Moose vs Lion?
Who would win, Landmaster vs M1 Abrams?
Who would win out of Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter vs Jessica Jones, and why?
Who'd win, Captain Underpants vs Boros?
Ant-Man Vs Earthworm Jim: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Emperor Palpatine orders the Galactic Empire invades our galaxy in the year 2557, the UNSC becomes aware, and has an "enemy of my enemy" treaty and joins forces with the Covenant. Who Would Win?
Who'd win, 2 average Humans vs 1 Indian Elephant?
Who'd win, a man with double arm strength vs a man with four arms?
Who would win in a fist fight: Jackie Chan or Muhammed Ali?
Who would win in a fight, a Persian Immortal or a viking?
Historical Drama fighter free for all
Who would win this punch-up: The Reapers vs The Combine?
Who would win in a fight between a Bully Kutta and a chimpanzee?
Who would win this fight: Black Cat vs Jessica Jones?
What are the reasons that the Iraq war was a mistake?
If Turkey and Pakistan go to war who will win?
Who would win out of Bane vs Rhino, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Glaurung and Carcharoth?
Is it likely that a USA-North Korean war would start WW3? If so, who would be on which side?
Who'd win, Knuckles Vs Donkey Kong?
From a purely scientific standpoint, which animal would win in an arm wrestle: a gorilla or a polar bear?
Who would win in a fight: Darth Revan or Darth Sidious?
What would happen if the rest of the world went to war with both the USA and the U.K.?
The Age- Old Question: Cyborg T-Rex VS Zombie Godzilla: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Doomsday or Green Lantern?
Fan Calc the SHIT out of yourself. Who can you beat?
If a war broke out between all countries in the Middle East, who would win?
Tournament of Power 2: Judgement Day
Weakest character to solo Chimera Ant Army from Hunter X Hunter?
Could the Gang from It's Always Sunny take down North Korea
How would the war have gone if the Revolutionary Army had one modern warplane at its disposal?
Who would win, Dick Tracy, The Question , Rorschach, Sherlock Holmes, and The Shadow hunt each other?
Asian Elephant vs. Elder Mammoth: Who would be the winner?
Goku & Vageta vs Sonic & Shadow: Who would win?
Black Lightning vs. Firestorm: Who would win?
Who would come out on top out of Storm Troopers vs. Mass Effect, Halo, StarCraft, and Star Wars, and why?
Would a war with North Korea be protested?
In a fight between a modern conventional attack submarine and a nuclear attack submarine who would win?
Fighter Jet Hunger Games
Black Panther vs Captain America: Who would be the champion?
Captain America and Killmonger gain the powers of Chris Evans' and Michael B. Jordan's Human Torches, respectively. Who would win?
Strongest HST character that Kyrie Ushiromiya can beat?
1 Trillion Lions V/S 1 Big Lion, approximately equal in volume to the trillion lions
Can the USA win the economic war against the rest of the world? If not, what is the point of the current policy?
Who would win in a battle between The Doctor and Dr. Strange?
Who would win in a battle between the Spectre and Ghostrider?
Who would win a match between KKR and CSK as of right now?
Who would win in a fight Goku or Batman?
Who would win this battle: Shaolin Soccer Team vs RWBY + NPR?
Who would win, Nightwing or Green Arrow?
Who would win in a war between God-Emperor Leto Atreides of Dune and his army of Fish Speakers, and Supreme Leader Kylo and his followers?
Fuse two Street-level characters. Can they kill MCU hulk?
If the Union had lost to the Confederacy during the US Civil War, and we became two separate countries, what would these two countries be like now?
Who would win in a street fight between: Bruce Lee and Brock Lesnar?
Who would win, Geene vs MCU Thanos?
Batman vs Darth Vader in a fight to the death
Who would win this war: izuku midoriya vs silver surfer?
Weakest character that can beat the mountain in a physical fight?
Who would win a war between China, Russia, India, and all Muslim-dominated countries vs the USA and NATO?
Who would win a Thor versus Harry Potter fightout?
Who would win, Doctor Octopus vs. Helen Keller with an Iron Man suit?
Who would win in a battle between Sue Storm and Scarlet Witch?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Optimus Prime?
Who would win, Cat vs racoon?
Who would win a battle between a fully outfitted SEAL team and a Terminator?
Snowball vs. Hank: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, ONE vs Saitama?
Who would win this battle: Wonder Woman vs. Goku?
Men vs. Women: Who would win?
Who would win in a 1v1 air combat battle, the Red Baron or the Kamikaze fighter plane?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Ghost Rider , DC's Flash , Superman, or Doctor Strange?
Who would win in a fight considering both men were in their prime: Jean-Claude Van Damme or Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Who would win in a fight between, a Nile crocodile and a polar bear?
WWW in a fight? A lion or a gorilla?
Wanked Kratos runs a Saint Seiya verse gauntlet
Bat Rider
Who would win in a fight between Batman and any hero or villain from CW's Arrow tv show and DCEU Batman?
Who would win, One Orca Whale vs Ten Box Jellyfish?
If Russia and the US were at war, but only land military was allowed, who would win?
Amateur Hour Returns! - Obscure Character Discussion & Contests for 8/16/2015
If a war breaks out between the US and China will the Chinese Americans be sent to concentration camps?
Would an American war with Iran be worse than Vietnam?
Did Gary Arzamendi win his race in Merced, CA?
Who would win a fight, Silverback Gorilla vs Panda Bear?
Who'd win, Brock Lesnar vs. adult male chimpanzee?
Who would win, Aang vs. Mewtwo?
Assemble a team of fictional snipers to beat a team of real ones
Who would make a great opponent against "The Mountain" in a real MMA fight? Who would win and why?
Who would win in a fight between Rey and MCU Wanda Maximoff?
Who would claim victory out of The Lich King vs. Starcraft II soldier, and why?
Jurassic Park Raptor/Deinonychus vs a Bengal Tiger: Who would win?
Which 616 version of the Infinity war roster could solo MCU Thanos?
Who would win the Dovahkiin from Skyrim or Kylo ren?
Who'd win, The Planeteers vs. the Totem Bearers?
Who'd win, Indominus Rex vs King Kong?
Would China and Japan ever go to war again?
Who would win, Flash/Superman vs Martian Manhunter?
Who would win in a fist fight between Kanye West and Van Lathan?
Who would win this brawl: Chinese Zodiac vs. Greek Zodiac?
Who would win this duel: The following characters get judged based on their performances as good parents. Who will win the father of the Year Prize? And in what order do the losers get eliminated?
In a fight between Superman and The Sentry, who would win, and how would the fight play out?
Japan and South Korea go to war. Who wins?
Who would win this combat: Kirby eats your username. What powers does he get and who can he beat?
Who would win in a 3-way death battle, Kratos, Geralt or Talion?
Can a fox kill an eagle?
Who would be the champion out of Gordon Ramsay vs R. Lee Ermey, and why?
H2H Fighter Free-For-All!
Who will win in the war between Nepal and India?
Who would win this Marvel MCU/Netflix Battle Royale?
Who would win in a fight between a Dogo Argentino and an Irish wolfhound?
Who'd win, Motoko Kusanagi "The Major" Vs. The Boss?
What if Robert E. Lee and Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson’s armies were crushed, both generals were taken as POW, and McClellan actually followed this up with an attack on Richmond?
Who would win in a fight: R2D2 or the Android mascot?
Who would win out of The Rock vs. The Flash, and why?
Who would win: Karambit or Katana?
What would have happened if there was no Treaty of Versailles? Would there be no Nazis?
What peak human characters, without any external abilities and are not from the DC-verse, can 10/10 best Batman? Batman has no prep.
Who would win in a war between the Zerg and the Borg?
Who would win in a hypothetical fight: A short-faced bear or a silver back gorilla?
24 characters play Minecraft Hunger Games. Who wins?
How many Pikachu could Batman take on in a fight
What if Yugoslavia reformed and went to war with Bulgaria? Who would win?
If WW3 broke out, would the UK use conscription?
This is conjecturing, but do you think Custer actually believed he could win against Sitting Bull and his multitunous army of warriors?
Did the USA truly win the Civil War against Britain, because Canada still belongs to the British?
Who would be the champion out of Nicolas Cage Vs Goat, and why?
Who would have the edge out of The Mountain vs Caterpillar® D10 Bulldozer, and why?
Who's the strongest character Gaara could beat in a desert of his personal chakra enhanced sand?
How hostile are the social borders between people who want multiple sexual partners and people who wish to be monogamous? How can we make them more combative?
What is the smallest animal that would have a good chance of beating a human in a fight?
2,823 clones of Batman appear, each with one emoji each for himself. Who wins a battle Royale?
Who would be the victor out of Elsa receives combat training from the X-Men and learns how to fully control her powers. Can she take on Iceman, and why?
Who would win, Yawara Chatora and Shino Sosaki vs Kenji Hikiishi and Shuichi Iguchi?
Who would win, Carnage vs the Sinister 6?
Who would win in a rap battle, Nas or Kendrick Lamar?
Who would be victorious out of Maui vs Hercules, and why?
Who would win, Sidra or U9 Kaioshin?
What video game characters could defeat the Hulk?
Who would win if there was a war between Assam and Arunachal?
1 trillion lion sized suns against 1 sun sized lion.
What is the difference between US Army Special Forces and Navy SEALs? How is their selection different and what roles do each carry out in combat?
10 Navy SEALs are dropped at the north coast of the Gulf of California on January 1, 1500 AD. Chrono-extraction is waiting for them on the tip of Cape Cod; can they make it there?
Who would win in MCU, Dr. Strange or Quicksilver? If it's Doctor Strange, how would he win?
Shirou Emiya gets Armiger instead of Unlimited Blade Works, as well as all of Noctis's combat skills and non-Royal Arms. How well can he do against a serious Archer: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, The Fantastic Four vs Wonder Woman?
Bill Clinton records and sells saxophone albums, George W. Bush draws and auctions more paintings, Barack Obama gets drafted by an NBA team, and Donald Trump joins the PGA Tour: Who would be the winner?
Who'd win, Superman vs. Golden Lion Shiki?
Who would win this battle: Green Arrow vs Deadpool?
Who would win in a fight, Gandalf or Dr. Strange?
In case of an outbreak of a world war, can foreigners join the US army?
Who wins if 10 US Marines fights 10 North Korean troops with empty hands?
Who would win, Brock Lesnar versus Luke Harper?
Who's the weakest girl that could take your favorite character?
Who would win without weapons, gear, and prep time: Captain America or Black Panther?
A man with a pistol is suddenly transported to the coast of Mexico, in February 1519, can he solo the Spanish Conquistadors who have come to take over the Aztecs?
Who'd win, Floyd Mayweather vs Black Panther?
Who would be the victor out of Shazam vs Thor, and why?
Assemble dogs to beat wolves
GOAT of NASCAR
Who'd win, Master Chief VS. The Doomslayer?
Who would win, The Spectre versus Lucifer Morningstar?
Who would win, Diablo or Alduin?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Natsu?
What would happen if Serbia declared war on Austria, but no country would allow war planes to fly over and Austria insisted that no state of war has existed?
Who would win in a war between the UK and Russia in 2017?
Who would win in a fight between Asura and Jiren?
Guessing Characters
A herd of chimpanzees is given language. How advanced can they get?
What is it like to get in a fight with your therapist?
Who'd win, Wolverine vs Kenpachi Zaraki?
Who would win this brawl: CW Slade Wilson vs FOX Ajax?
Charlie versus Joey versus Barney on a date picking competition, who wins and why?
Who would win this brawl: TOAA vs Biblical God?
Who would win, 1 Russian Spetsnaz MVD SOBR person or 1 S.A.S. Counter Revolutionary Warfare person?
Who would win in a death battle between the strongest character in Marvel and the strongest in DC?
Kefka versus Saiki Kusuo, who wins?
Who would win, Drax vs. the Hulk?
Two characters team up to pilot a jaeger. What is their jaeger called, what can it do, and who is the strongest they can defeat with it: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the winner out of ISIS vs North Korea, and why?
You choose eight street level/low mid tier against MCU Thor Who would win?
Why do people glorify soldiers when they are just merciless murderers?
Guts from Berserk is challenged by a Space Marine who is wielding a change sword to a duel, who wins?
Who would win in a tag team match between Batman & Superman and Captain America & Sentry?
Who would win, Rhinosaurus vs Stegosaurus?
Who would win in a battle, SpongeBob or Saitama?
40k Orkz vs The Elder Gods: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight between Khal Drogo and Bronn?
Who would win in a fight between Elsa and Kylo Ren?
Who would win a fight, Conor McGregor or Scorpion?
Who will win in the Northampton Town versus Cambridge United match on 8/30/2017 in Johnstone, England?
Who would win, Alan Moore vs the historical Rasputin?
Could MCU Quicksilver have replaced Fox Quicksilver in breaking out Magneto in Days of Future Past?
Edward Cullen tries to turn Padmé into a vampire while Padmé is on a date with Anakin. Can he succeed?
Who would be the champion out of The Arbiter with all of the Master Chief's enhancements and augmentations, vs. the Master Chief, and why?
Titans of the Animal Kingdom: Choose Your Allies
Who would win this battle: Frank Underwood vs. Obama?
Who would win, MCU Captain America vs. MCU Daredevil in a boxing match?
Who would win this match: Batman VS SEAL Team Six?
If the United States preemptively attacked North Korea, what would Russia and China do?
What was the last chance in World War 2 that the top 3 Axis powers lost?
Who is the weakest character who can beat......
The Mountain vs Grey Worm, who would win?
Who would win this brawl: Kubo vs Po?
Who will win Super Bowl LII on February 4, 2018, the Philadelphia Eagles or the New England Patriots?
How do you feel about the case of Mack Beggs, a trans male high school wrestler who won many matches in the girls’ championship?
What if the United Kingdom and India went to war?
Who would win this match: Real World Peak Human with Boxing Gloves vs Real World Peak Human with MMA Gloves?
If a war were to break out between India and China on the Doklam standoff, who would win the war?
Who do you think will win in a battle between Dormammu and Amatsu-Mikaboshi?
Who would win in a hypothetical fight: grey wolf or a tiger-sized domestic cat?
Boxing : Who would win in a fight, Mike Tyson or Brock Lesnar? Why?
You have to save President Obama from a stampede of 200 bloodlusted, tractor-sized ants. Can you do it? Who would win?
Who would win in a fist fight between Denzel Washington and Will Smith?
If an allied nation of Britain declared war on another allied nation, which side would it take? If the US declared war on Canada, which side would the UK take?
Is it true that there was a fight between Hanuman and Balaram during the Dwapar Yuga?
Who would be the victor out of Kazuma Kiryu vs Rama, and why?
Who would win, Hercule Vs. North Korea?
Who would win a fight between the Sentry and Thanos?
Who would win this fight: The most brutal Vikings versus Spartans?
What really happened during the fight between Rhaegar and Robert at the Battle of the Trident?
Can The Penguins of Madagascar inflate The Bat Cave, and take down Batman?
Who would win this fight: CIS Droid Army Just got an upgrade! Now every droid personality programing has been replaced by Competent fire control and military tactics software. Who is the most powerful army/ universe they can now conquer?
Which is more powerful, a coyote or a dingo?
Who would win outside an MMA ring or octagon, an MMA fighter or a Ninjutsu expert?
Team ladder.
Who would win in a battle between Eragon, the Hulk, and Yoda?
Who would have won a fight between Bruce Lee and Muhammad Ali?
The Moon will crash into the Earth in 10 days. You have to defeat the world’s 10 greatest fighters in order to prevent it. How do you do it?
Who would win, Thrawn or Palpatine?
The Battle of the Stretches
Who would win if all the Avengers fought, Hunger Games style?
Who would win this fight: Grammy race to see who is the worst rapper of the year. Iggy Azalea vs. Schoolboy Q?
In what battles could a man win a bronze arrowhead in?
How many Men could Bruce Wayne beat armed only with a Baseball Bat?
Who would win in a fight between Minato and Might Guy?
Who would win, Daredevil, Black Panther and Iron Fist vs Luke Cage, Captain America and Black Widow?
This screencap from a YouTube clickbait video. 11 Tigers vs a Gorilla.
An army is made up every Olympic athlete since 1980. What is the strongest historical force they could defeat?
Who would win this punch-up: Agent 47 vs Bucky Barnes?
If there was a Korean War ll, who would win: North or South Korea?
If Thor was to have fought Fenris Wolf instead of Hulk, would he have killed it?
Who would win, Batman, Spider-Man or The Hulk?
Who would win, "Hyper Karate" Lightning Max vs Rafflesidon?
Who would win in a fight, Conor McGregor or Randy Orton?
Who would win, a rabid horse or a wolf on steroids?
Who would win, A knight vs 2 average men with baseball bats?
Who'd win, The infinity stones have teleported to your favorite fictional universe, and thanos is invading to take them?
Who would win, Navy Seal vs Leopard Seal?
Who would win a deathbattle, Gray Fullbuster vs Galand The Truth on Kirigakure?
Echo The Dolphin vs Flipper in "Who could complete the water temple from OOT the fastest?": Who would claim victory?
In Naruto who would win in a fight between Kaguya and the Sage of Sixth Paths?
Who would win in a fist fight between Shaq and Charles Barclay?
What is the difference between Combat Sambo and MMA?
Who would win, Floyd Mayweather vs Andre the Giant?
Who is the weakest character that could defeat Batman's Brain in Goku's Current Body with Imagine Breaker in his Right Hand
Who would win this combat: Lara Croft, Nathan Drake, and Indiana Jones race through the Water Temple?
Who wins, the Fantastic Four or the Guardians of the Galaxy?
How do full grown adult male orangutans compare with adult male gorillas in terms of size and strength? Is there a clear victor if they found themselves face-to-face confrontationally?
Who would win this duel: Garnet vs. Starlight Glimmer?
Who would come out on top out of Jack Torrance vs Leonidas Maximus Spartacus Achilles Jon Snow and Ragnar Lothbrok, and why?
What would have happen if Henry VIII converted to Judaism instead of founding the Church of England? Would the British people accept that? Would the people convert as well?
Would China and Vietnam ever go to war?
Who would win in a fight between Kuchiki Byakuya and Gaara?
Featured Character: Armless Tiger Man
Who would win, Cat vs. Rarity in a fashion duel?
If the Battle of Britain never happened, could the Luftwaffe have protected the Sealion invasion force from the Royal Navy?
Who is the strongest character a trained, bloodlusted Clifford The Big Red Dog could beat?
Who would win in a fight, Mohammad or Jesus?
In the war between love and lust who would win and why?
Who would win in a fight, Giant Ant Man or Hulk?
Who would win in a war between the UK and France?
If there were to be a war, lets say the USA vs Russia or something like that, where would POWs be held?
Who would win, Black vs Fused Zamasu?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Emperor Palpatine vs. a reasonably large coterie , and why?
What if Alexander the Great's empire fought Cyrus the Great and his era's Persian Empire, who would win?
If Britain and Israel went to war against each other, without any outside help, who is more likely to win?
Despero vs Fernus: Who would win?
Who'd win, Gorilla Grodd VS Venom?
If all the presidents fought each other, who would win?
Who would win in a war between Nazi Germany and modern-day Russia?
Who would win in a fight, an elephant or a crocodile?
Who will win in a Hypothetical war between 30000 Spartans and 30000 Azap?
What would happen if the US government discovered a habitable planet before any other country? Are we trying to win some race of control?
Who would win a conventional war, India or the UK?
Who would win, 1Trillion Lions vs. the Sun?
Does Jimmy McMillan of The Rent is Too Damn High Party have a real shot at winning the governor's race in New York?
An army of one billion lions Vs. and army of every Pokemon from Red and Blue to X and Y.
Would would win? Reddit Username Vs. Reddit Username?
Who would win in a fight between Adult Sasuke and Thor from the movies?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The warden VS the entire samurai faction, and why?
Who would win this match: Quicksilver vs Flash?
Who would win, Superman Sun-dipped or Superman pre-crisis?
Who wins in a fight between a kangaroo vs a chimpanzee?
What were the battle conditions in the Battle of Stalingrad?
Who would win in a battle between Arceus and Kyurem?
You vs Mother Nature Who would win?
Who would win in a one-on-one fight between Magneto and Colossus?
What would be the biggest obstacles for the Ottomans from conquering Europe if they won at Vienna in 1529 or 1683?
Your friendly Teufort mercenaries want to elect a leader.
Who would win in a battle between all the characters who have been killed in Game of Thrones vs. all the characters who are still alive?
Who would win a war between Greece, Bulgaria, Romania, Montenegro, Serbia, Republika Srpska, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Turkey with Bosnia and Albania?
Who'd win, Korea's Big 4 teams in League of Legends vs the entire North Korean military at war?
Hypothetically, would a right-handed swordsman struggle as much as Jaime Lannister did upon being forced to fight with his left hand only?
All Real World Conspiracies in a Free-For-All
Why can't Shazam fight an entire army at once in the DC universe? How?
Superman vs. Goku: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Nico Minoru or Dr. Strange?
When was the last single combat between two leaders in a battle?
Donald Trump vs the President in Rick and Morty: Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between the Phoenix Force and Thanatos?
Can an adult male leopard defeat a lion or tiger in a one-on-one fight?
All of Middle Earth vs. North Korea
Should Romney jump into the Republican primary race, to save the party? As of March 2016, could he win?
Why don't candidates like Kasich drop out of the race even though they have zero chance of winning?
An antelope vs a bull vs a moose vs a ram vs a rhino vs a stag beetle, in a sword fight
Who would win if there was a fight to the death, King Leonidas , Maximus Decimus Meridius , or Achilles?
If there were a war between the United States and Japan, who would win?
Who will win the NHRA Drag Racing Winter Nationals in Pomona?
What may be the possible cause of WWIII?
Big Cats: Between a tigress and a lioness, who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Beta Ray Bill vs Wonder Woman, and why?
You have the power to ace every written exam and every interview you ever come across. How successful can you become in life? Who would win?
Star Wars Battle!
In a war between Zimbabwe and the United States, who would win? Zimbabwe have an extremely potent leader and a very wily army, could they flee to the United States?
Who would win this match: Green Arrow vs Hawkeye?
Who would win out of John Cena vs Goku, and why?
Who would win in a war between North Korea and the United States of America?
US military Vs Atlas Military from RWBY. Who would win?
What are some top strategies for conversion optimization?
Who would win, Scar vs Shere Khan?
If there were to be a world war between the west and Muslim nations, who would win and why? Please support with historical facts and current info.
Who'd win, Naruto vs Sasuke: Talisman Edition?
Who would win in a battle between the Canadian Coast Guard and the U.S. Coast Guard?
What happens in a fight between Lord Hanuman and Karna?
Who would win this combat: Dark Willow vs. Voldemort?
Who would win this brawl: 1 Tiger vs 13 Shermans?
How much can you know about yourself if you’ve never been in a fight?
Are German WW2 tanks overrated?
Which would win, the Miranda class versus a CR92A ship?
Corvo Vs Talion: Who would be the victor?
Assuming Asgard wasn’t destroyed, how well would Hela do against Thanos?
Participation Trophy for May 2018 Week 2
Who is the most overrated superhero?
Who would win, The Lion King vs The Kings of Leon?
Who would win, Braun Stroman or Bobby Lashley?
Naruto Chunin Exam battles post war
You with a random power and a random weapon vs a random SCP in a random setting with a random TV Trope in play Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Sauron and Gothmog?
Who will win the 5th match between Bengal Warriors and Dabang Delhi in Pro Kabaddi Season 4 2016?
Who would win in a battle between Darth Vader and all the Inquisitors together?
Who'd win, True Blood vampire vs. Buffy vampire vs. Twilight vampire vs. Vampire Diaries vampire vs. Vampire: The Masquerade vampire?
Who'd win, Mob Psycho 100 vs Hinamatsuri?
With his dying words, everybody was driven to the seas in search of his treasure. The only issue is, Gold Roger accidentally bit his tongue. One piece is actually called One Punch. Who can defeat the man known as Saitama who wait's at the end of the Grand Line?
Who would win in a battle between Freddy Kruger and Darth Vader?
Who would win a crossover battle between The Avengers and Dai Li?
Who would win, Akatsuki vs Suicide Squad?
Who would win this war: 4 Silverback Gorillas with human-level intelligence vs 15 lions?
Who would win, Grunts vs Stormtrooper?
Who would win a three way race between Bloomberg, Sanders and Trump?
Who would win in a fight, Godzilla or Krillin?
How to fight like a punisher?
Participation Trophy for April 2018 Week 3
Fire Lord Vs. Spiderman: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Kid Goku or Superman?
Who would win, Sundipped Superman or Post-Crisis Superman?
Literal name based power megabrawl
Who would win, blargian snagglebeast vs bull rancor?
Who would win, Batman gets IRL Human Physiology. What hardships does he face, and how does he overcome them?
Kangaroo with Kryptonian powers vs. Gorilla with Thor's hammer: Who would win?
Would you rather fight 500 snapping turtles or 3 wild dogs?
Who will win if there is a war between India and Russia?
Every Metal Gear Solid Boss in a Free-for-all
Who'd win, 1000 Call of Duty soldiers controlled by pros VS the army of North Korea?
Who'd win, The Child of Thor and Power Girl VS The Child of Superman and Wonder Woman?
The Flash, Goku, Kirby, and a Snorlax compete in the Nathan's Hog Dog Eating Contest. Who wins?
r/whowouldwin presents r/WWW WrestleMania
Who would win out of Chris Pratt vs. Chris Pratt vs. Chris Pratt, and why?
You're the leader of a large group of people in a fortified high school during a zombie apocalypse. How do you govern, what are your policies, and what's day-to-day life like? Who would win?
Roland Deschain VS Superhot Campaign: Who would be the champion?
Who will win in a fight between a vampire and a werewolf?
Your Total Karma is your Powerlevel !
The Wandenreich run a Nazarick Gauntlet
Who would win in a fight between Black Panther and Lucian?
Who would win, 501st vs The Talz?
Who would win in a fight between One-Punch Man, Chuck Norris, Obi-Wan with the high ground, and God?
Who would win this war: 200 bloodlusted jack russels working together VS a fully grown pair of lions?
Jotaro Kujo「Star Platinum: The World」vs Captain Falcon with a 1.5 second tine stop
Who would win a street fight between Dr. Strangelove and the Batman from the Dark Knight series?
Strongest person Composite Exponential Human could beat?
Who’s fastest, Sonic or Dash?
Could Russia attack and defeat the British military if no other country gets involved?
Featuring Sakura Ogami!
Who would win in a battle between the Silver Surfer vs Iron Man?
Who would win: a Spartan warrior or a samurai?
Who would win, World Breaker Hulk versus Hunter Prey Doomsday?
Who'd win, Alucard Vs D?
What if Iraq won the Iran-Iraq War?
Who would have the edge out of Strongest Ewok vs. weakest Wookiee, and why?
What would be the weakest science fiction tool to be used by Adolf Hitler in person to let Nazi Germany undoubtedly win the second world war?
Who would win, the Flash or Sentry?
Who would win in a battle between the Royal Marines 3 Commando Brigade and the U.S. Marine Band?
Name a character that can defeat an army of 123 electricity wielding, invisible ghost hunters
A new terrorist group pops up, their goal is to punish/kill all discriminators
Who wins in a fight, Hermione Granger or Willow Rosenberg?
Who would win a war without allies or nukes, the USA or Turkey?
Who would win in a war between Italy and Albania without NATO intervention?
What would have happened if Austria-Hungary had not been forcibly disbanded after WWI?
Who would win, a Gozanti Class Freighter versus a Hammerhead Corvette?
Who would win this punch-up: Four-way Brawl to Extinction: Tyranids , Zerg , Brood , and Xenomorphs ?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs Guts?
Who would win in a battle between Doraemon and Loki?
Who will win in a war between 1950s to 1960s USA and 1920s to 1930s UK and France?
Who would win, Super Dimentio vs Solaris?
Who would win in a battle between Superman and Sauron?
Who would win this duel: Electro vs Captain Cold?
Who would win in a Senate race today - Marsha Blackburn or Bob Corker?
JLA Run the Gauntlet
Why can't we get WW3 over and done with?
Who would win in a fight between Battle Cat and Aslan?
Could Bizarro defeat Amazo? Why or why not?
Disney Princess Battle Royale...with a twist.
You with a baseball bat vs an NFL linebacker Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Jiraiya and Itachi Uchiha?
Who would claim victory out of Black Panther vs. Captain America. In a standard pinfall match, and why?
If North Korea was no match for the U. S. military, why didn't we win the Korean war?
Rancid Rabbit vs. The Red Guy . Who has a more impressive resumè: Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between a cheetah and a greyhound?
Strongest animal You could deafeat in a battle to the death.
Who would win in a 1v1 fight, Xiang Yu or Miyamoto Musashi?
Who'd win, C-3PO with access to hardware store vs various forms of yard work?
Who'd win, Blue finds her way into Blue's Clues, can Blue defend her and the house against the raptor?
Who would win in a fistfight between MCU Thor and MCU Luke Cage?
Who'd win, Young Siberian tiger vs Police Dog?
Who would win this combat: Dectective Chimp vs Dectective Pikachu?
How can a country win battles with guerrilla warfare tactics?
What life advice backfires most of the times and looks good only on paper?
Given that all the technology that human beings have created in the industrial age is going to cause the planet to warm and destroy all non-roach life on the planet, is it a no-win situation for the human race?
Who would win, Several Sith of Your Choice or Jed?
The Great Debate Season 5 Round 3
In the US military, what is the relationship between service secretaries and combatant commanders, and what are the benefits of this matrix org?
Who would win this duel: Bernie Sanders vs Barrack Obama : Basketball?
What Street Tiers Can Beat Berserker Guts In Close Combat?
What should be done if there is a continuous fight between your desire and ethics?
If there was a war fought between the best product managers at Apple, Google , Facebook, and Quora, who would win, and why?
Who is going to win the fight between Sage Northcutt and Mickey Gall?
Featured Character/Team Sign-Ups for July through September 2018
Before Donald Trump thought he could win the Presidency, he entered the race for "other reasons." What were those "other reasons"?
If Lennox Lewis and George Foreman belonged to the same era and fought at their primes, who do you see winning and how?
Who will win in a fight between Superman and Dr Doom?
Who is the best fighter in the Dragon Ball Z universe?
What was the way in which individual combats in Mahabharat/Ramayan were fought? I mean, those fights would not be as static as we see in TV episodes, but there would be a lot of movement and momentum in between those fights.
If Batman gained the same exact abilities as any superhero , could he basically 10/10 that hero with a decent amount of prep?
Who would win in a fight, Kirby or Ben 10?
SCP-2845 vs. Xerneas: Who would be the winner?
What is the quickest way to start a war?
Battle Royale of the Disney Villains: 1990-present
Starting from the first civilizations that sprouted along the Tigris-Euphrates, human beings suddenly become as lazy as pandas. Will humanity still survive to see the 21st century?
Who'd win, Man Of Steel Superman vs. Every other live action DC/Marvel superhero?
Would Muhammad Ali fair well with the heavyweight boxing division these days?
An elephant and an ant have the same kinetic energy. When they run a race, who will win?
Who would win in a war between Quinoa and rice?
Who would win out of Man with a golf club vs. Man with a baseball bat, and why?
Hulk from Marvel Comics vs Angron from Warhammer 40k: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, a gaboon viper or king cobra?
Who would win in a fight between an orangutan and a chimpanzee and why?
Who would win, Rick Grimes vs. Darth Maul?
Michael Myers vs Jason Voorhees, who would win in a fight?
Who would win, Batman and Superman from the DCEU, or The Flash, Vibe, Firestorm, and Steel from the Arrowverse?
What are the best Mxyzptlk arcs?
Mazinger Z VS Getter Robo: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Oslow vs "Sacrilegious Monk" Arbus?
What would happen in a war between Azerbaijan vs Armenia?
Could Hitler in WWII win "The Battle of Europe" if the European continent itself was located in the tropical area?
Who would claim victory out of Meruem King of Ants vs Deep Sea King, and why?
Who would win, Golden Frieza vs Golden Cell?
Who would win in a war between every independent nation in the Caribbean?
Who would win in a battle between a dragon and a phoenix?
Who would win, Deathstroke or Batman?
Who would come out on top out of George Washington is resurrected with modern knowledge of technology, morals and current events, can any former or current president best him in an election for the presidency, and why?
What are Godspeed full powers, and how do they work?
The Emu War...
King Kong vs Hela's Wolf Fenris
Realistically would you still fight in a battle now when you know that you're going to lose, or wait and learn in order to win the battle?
Red Hood vs. Nyx Ulric: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a war: the 1943 Ustase army/state vs 1914 Serbia?
Who would win this match: Street Sharks VS Namor?
Who would win, T-rex or Spino?
Featuring Hakaze Kusaribe
You have kidnapped your worst enemy/least favorite character, tied them up to a chair, and are forcing them to watch the Star Wars Holiday Special on repeat, nonstop. How long does it take for them to break utterly? Who would win?
could Han Solo kill Boba Fett in hand-to-hand combat?
How can you overcome the disadvantages of a short reach in a fight?
Who would win this fight: Mike Tyson vs a Kangaroo?
Who would claim victory out of President Michael Wilson versus the Boss, and why?
Who'd win, Star Fox Vs. Pit?
In a fight with IAS and IPS, who is more dangerous?
What would a World War III and IV be like?
How was Custer defeated at the Battle of the Little Bighorn?
Suppose Napoleon was in charge of France during WW2, who would win between his France and Nazi Germany?
Who would win this battle: America and South Korea in a full-scale invasion with North Korea?
Www a whole highschool of kids vs a blue whale.
Taking the current global situation in to account, what would be the possible trigger for World War III?
Hunters Hunted
Who would win in a fight, Vegeta or Loki?
Who would win in a fight between Kratos and Beerus?
Who would win, Black Panther vs Batman and Robin?
Batman becomes a ghost rider, who can he defeat now?
Who would win, Jango Fett vs Boba Fett?
How much prep time does a silverback gorilla need to 5/10 Bruce Wayne?
What would win, in their prime, Feanor vs Sauron, Fingolfin vs Sauron?
Who would win in a fight between a varangian guard, mamluk knight, or a samurai?
If the US and Canada were to go to war today, who would win? Would the US do any better today than in 1812? Assume there are no nuclear weapons.
Who would win? Me vs You...
If there is a race between gear and non gear cycles, which one will win?
Who'd win in a fight, Doctor Strange or Superman?
Ultimate Superhero/Villain Tournament
In the abscence of nuclear arms capability, who would win a war between the USA and China?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Gandalf the white vs dumbledore, and why?
What is the most dangerous dinosaur that Ripley with a power loader could beat?
Who will win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Hawkgirl?
If all animals were the same size who would win in a one on one fight? Royal rumble?
Lex Luthor, Steven Armstrong , and Funny Valentine fight... in a battle of wits to become president: Who would have the edge?
What is the meaning of "if will" versus if "you will"?
Who would be the winner out of JJ Watt vs Gronk, and why?
Who would win out of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles vs. The Street Sharks, and why?
Who'd win, 9-Tails Naruto vs Goku SS2?
Hypothetically speaking, if Iran attacks both Armenia and Azerbaijan, would the Azeris and Armenians join and fight together against their common enemy?
Toph vs Jedi Hellen Keller: Who would be victorious?
If there is a fight between Itachi and Piccolo, who would win?
What do you think of Comanche winning the Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race on protest?
A Queropeco and an Arzuros vs a Kut Ku and a Lambogi: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight between Franklin Richards and Superman?
Lightning Farron VS Z Fighters Ladder
Who'd win, The Red Bull vs The Balrog of Moria?
Russians say that the U.S. entered WWII only towards the end, after the Soviets started winning. To what extent is this true or not?
Who would win, Speed-o-Sound Sonic vs Killua?
Who would win, Human Torch vs Iron Man? Why?
You're given 6 fully trained Pokemon of your choice and a mission: Extinguish all human life. Who would win?
Who would win, Sebastian or Alucard?
Who will win the race to the 1 trillion dollar market cap, Apple, Amazon, or Google alphabet?
Who would win, Brock Lesnar versus Erick Rowan?
Who would win, MUI Spongebob VS Start of ToP Goku?
Who would win in a fight to death between the cinematic versions of Thor and Superman?
Mantis Shrimp the size of a xenomorph vs a Xenomorph: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Black☆Star vs Kakashi?
If Thrawn and Littlefinger were to play a strategic game against each other, who would win?
A Zinogre wanders into Darkroot Garden. Can the Great Grey Wolf Sif defend Artorias' grave from the fanged wyvern?
You VS The Entire Human Population Who would win?
Who would win in a naval battle between Admiral Lord Nelson and Yi Sun-sin?
Who would win in a war between the United Kingdom and Israel?
If every person who played Batman fought each other, who would win?
Who would come out on top out of Monster Hunter IRL, what is the strongest animal that you can hunt alone with just gear, armor, and weapons made from their flesh and bone, and why?
The Tournament of Transdimensional Power
Who'd win, Call of Duty Navy Seal controlled by you via Xbox controller vs. An Actual Navy Seal?
Aquaman runs a Spiderman rogue Gauntlet
If World War III occurred and every other Allied or Axis country is destroyed except New Zealand, which country would win?
Who would win this punch-up: 6 foot bull shark vs 6 foot barracuda?
Who'd win, Roland , The Man Without a Name, "Mad" Max Rockastansky, "Dirty" Harry Callahan, Mal Reynolds, Django, Paladin, and Han Solo in the ULTIMATE DEADLY STANDOFF... OF DEATH?
Who'd win, Sanji vs Saitama?
Who is the strongest anime character Dr Strange can beat in a fight?
4 player celeb Jumanji
Who would win, Dr. Doom Vs Darth Vader?
What makes a winning iGEM project?
Your favorite character runs the most comprehensive ladder I have ever created.
Who would win, Evil Buu vs Kid Buu?
Who would win in a fight: A Silverback Gorilla or a full-grown male Triceratops?
Who would win in a fight between Silver Surfer and Superman?
Jon Jones vs Bruce Lee vs Chuck Norris vs Jackie Chan vs Jet Li vs Jean Claide Van Damme in a fight to the death.
Who would win, The Men In Black vs Independence day aliens?
Who would win, Barn Buddy from Back at the Barnyard TV show versus the Rainbow Six Siege video game operator?
Who would win this duel: Arthropleura vs modern Saltwater Crocodile?
If there was a religious world war, Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Kyogre or Poseidon?
What would be the least Jig Saw would have to do in order to keep Tails the Fox and Twilight Sparkle from escaping Saw?
Who would win in a fight, Iron Man and Cyborg or Optimus Prime?
The top 10 Marvel martial artist vs top 10 D.C. Martial artists, who would win in a fight?
Who would win this punch-up: goku vs superman?
If Spiral Power was Converted to a Power Level, who could Simon by himself beat in Dragon Ball?
How many people does it take to take down these animals?
Who would win in a fight, Ironman or Batman?
Who would win? A tiger or a crocodile?
You vs this animal guanlet Who would win?
What's the cheapest loadout you would need to personally kill a silverback gorilla?
Weakest MCU Asgardian, who can beat God of War‘s Zeus?
Who would win: Master Chief or Batman?
Who would win, The Galactic Empire VS Best Korea?
Who'd win, Wonder Woman,Wondergirl and Adult Naruto vs Ironman,Blue Marvel and Captain Marvel?
How can I stop the constant fighting between me and my girlfriend?
Who would win a fight between General Grievous and R2D2?
Who'd win, Peak Human vs Peak Human vs Peek Human?
Who would win, a HAVOK level warhead or John 117?
Who would win this battle: Skelitor VS Liono?
In a Superman vs Batman battle, if BOTH players got prep time, who would win?
If Clinton and Bush didn't participate in the 2016 US Presidential Election, who would win?
Who would win this battle: North Korea vs. Alaska?
Statue Fight - The Great Sculptures of the World
Who'd win, America vs the Imperium of Man?
If you had to contribute in a war effort during World War 2, would you join the navy, army, or the marines?
Who would win this fight: Hiei vs kenshin himura?
Who'd win, Sarah Silverman vs Justin Bieber?
Who would be the champion out of A Twenty Foot Tall You vs. a T.rex, and why?
How would the various titans fare in a snowball fight?
Who will win in a conventional war between the US and the Commonwealth?
Who would win, Anakin Skywalker vs Darth Vader?
Who'd win, Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin switch places for one week?
You, your mother, and a 400 lbs man vs A cheetah. Who would win?
Who would win between France and Iran?
Who would win a war between Egypt and Israel?
Modern US military vs WWII US military: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, A normal human gains the ability to travel across all universes and can train for a limited time in each one. Strongest character he/she can beat?
Who’s the strongest person Superboy-Prime could defeat in a fight?
Who would be the winner out of Kellam is somewhere in Gotham City. Can Batman, The Question, and Detective Chimp, working together, find him, and why?
Who would win if the all the Roman legions fought all the Assyrians, Egyptians, and Babylonians. Who would win?
8 way battle royale between animals with weapons.
Who would win, Terra from the Teen Titans TV show or Terra from the DC animated movies? Why?
Who would win this duel: Hannibal Barca vs. your favorite actual historical figure?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Maul and Count Dooku vs. Palpatine?
Who would win a war between Spain and Brazil?
Who would win in a fight between Spawn and Hellboy?
Who would win, Piccolo RoF or Piccolo Post Harsh Training?
Who would win this punch-up: Wesley Snipes' Blade vs Nicholas Cage's Ghost Rider?
What is a Marxist analysis of ASOIAF?
How would a fight between a trained elite specialist and an inexperienced, un-shielded Captain America go, provided that the latter would win?
Bane vs 3 Silverback Gorillas: Who would have the edge?
What are Chris Kelly's chances of winning the Attorney General race?
Who would win, Jason Bourne With Brain Damage vs. Decker?
Percy Jackson and the Goblet of Fire: Who would claim victory?
Can a bodybuilder fight a tiger?
You must assemble a chimera out of your 3 favorite fictional creatures. Can it take on the following challenges? Who would win?
Who would win in an every-man-for-himself fight between: Obi-Wan, Yoda, Anakin/Vader, Palpatine, Maul, and Windu, and why?
Who would win a fight between Nagraj and Superman?
What are the chances of David Duke winning the upcoming senate race in Louisiana?
Who would win a naval battle, France or the UK?
Who would win, A centaur vs. a minotaur vs. a faun?
Who would win, Humans nuke themselves to death. In one half of the world, cats gain like-human intelligence and become dominant. In the other half, dogs do?
Who would claim victory out of Saint of Killers Vs Dragonball Universe, and why?
Will automation cause inflation to skyrocket?
Who would win, Rocinante from the Expanse versus Raza from Dark Matter TV show?
All Might vs One Punch Man
Who would win in a fight, Frieza or Thanos?
Who would be the champion out of Demon King Piccolo vs Kurama, the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox, and why?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider vs. Lobo?
Who would win in a rap battle between Jay-Z and Ice Cube?
Who would win in a battle between Yoda and Thanos?
How far would Batman get against his foes if he was a legitimate peak human?
Who would win in a fight between Turin Turambar and Aragorn?
Who would win, Saitama vs Mickey the Pikey in a bare knuckle boxing match?
Who would win this battle: The US military vs 10 trillion lions?
Who would win, Short Fat Farmer vs Average Man?
Your Favorite Character Vs. The 12 Labors of Heracles
All of the U.S. presidents in their prime. Who wins?
Who wins a nuclear war between USA and China?
Who'd win, A man with a Nerf gun vs. A cheetah?
Who would win this brawl: Metal gear VS Game of thrones?
Battle of NY revisited
Bear Vs Shark: Who would be the champion?
Who would win this combat: Boxer vs Kickboxer?
Who would win in a debate, Eric Wang or Alex Yang?
Who would win in a fight between Darkseid and the MCU version of Thanos?
Who would win in a fight between Anakin and Antman?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Robin?
Who'd win, Hippo vs goose?
Who would be the victor out of Navy SEALs* vs. Navy SEALs*, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Zoro or Rukia?
Who would win, Ghost Rider or Injustice Superman?
The
If every country went to war unarmed, who would come out victorious?
Who do you think would win in a fight between a teen from 2017 or a teen from 1917?
Your five favorite bands/artists in a fight to the death
Who was the famous muslim warrior leader enemy of the romans?
Who would win this brawl: Flippy vs the Teletubies?
Trump is infected with the brain parasites from Rick and Morty, Would he be able to figure out what is going on and solve this problem: Who would win?
A person who is used to competing and winning in the rat race suddenly finds himself in a new place where there is no competition among the people. How would he start his life fresh, survive, and ultimately win?
Prophet vs Master Chief: Who would be victorious?
Who will win in a mace fight between Balarama and Bhima?
One unarmed man wearing level IIIa body armor or One Emu: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight Dr. Manhattan or Dr. Strange?
How many Justin Beibers could you fight at once?
Who would win a fight between Brock Lesnar and Fedor Emelianenko?
Aragorn wakes up in Westeros...
Which superhero, if faced with their bloodlusted selves, would probably come out on top?
GOP Presidential Nomination Race : What are Michelle Bachmann's chances of winning in a general election against President Obama considering her win at the Ames, Iowa Straw Poll?
Every living animal on Earth suddenly decides to unite together and attack in a grand attempt to wipe out humanity. How does the war unfold?
Indiana Jones is tasked with defending Cairo from a T-Rex.
Hulk vs. Whitebeard: Who would come out on top?
How many Greek hoplites, in phalanx formation, to take down an adult T-rex?
T-Rex sized grizzly bear vs. T-Rex: Who would be the victor?
If all 45 presidents were to run for president who would win?
Who's the weakest character capable of surviving a Gridfire blast?
Spider-man Rogues Tournament: Round two.
Equal match for Darth Maul from the DC universe?
Who would win, Archer vs Ghost Rider?
Each country is a person, and they enter the Hunger Games. WhoWouldWin?
Who is the strongest character you can beat with the power to transform into any animal ever?
Who would win in a fight between the Pre-Retcon Beyonder and Lucifer Morningstar?
In a race among Dhoni, Virat and Usain Bolt with cricket ting pads on, who will win?
Who would win in a fight the Na'vi tribe from Avatar or the humans from the Stone Age? They are close in weaponry.
Who would win, Dormammu vs Doomsday?
How do I weed out contents, like who will win a war between the US and N. Korea, India against Pakistan, etc., from my Quora feed?
Is World War 3 happening in England?
An average man with a metre long sword vs animals in a fight to the death. Which is the strongest animal he's likely to beat?
Who is the strongest animal Pablo EscoBear could defeat during his high?
Can the Red Guy make the Joker laugh?
Which wars did the United States of America win in history?
Who'd win, Jackets vs Space Marines vs Spartans vs Nanosuits?
Who would win, "10 Dimensional Imp" Ultimator vs "Dark Monitor" Mandrakk?
You have to successfully assassinate the president of the United States of America and get away with it. Who would win?
Could a bloodlusted Green Lantern create a forcefield inside Superman’s brain or phase an energy blast into his head?
Dr. Suess Deathmatch: Sam I Am vs The Cat in the Hat: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a duel between Aragorn and Lan Mandragoran?
Who would be victorious out of Shaggy or Scooby, and why?
My son would like to know who would win in a fight The Sysmbiote or the Powerpuff Girls?
Who would win this war: Balrog VS TJ Combo?
The Bear Holding a Shark vs Strongbad: Who would come out on top?
What will most likely cause World War III?
Who would win in a battle between a wolf and an orangutan?
Who would win, Fox McCloud piloting the Arwing Vs a Star Wars Stormtrooper in a TIE Fighter?
Who would win, Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson vs. Andre René Roussimoff. In a wrestling match?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs Scorpion?
Mace Windu VS Darth Raven with history: Who would be the victor?
If a Grey Knight chapter master fought a Jedi master, who would win?
The Fantastic Four show up in FOX's studios. Can they join forces to create a suitable film?
Who would come out on top out of Larry the Lobster VS Mr. Krabs, and why?
Red Hood v.s. Winter Soldier
Who would win, Kratos vs Giant Deer?
If a war break out between USA and India which side will win?
Who would win, GT Goku vs Frieza?
Who would claim victory out of Zebra VS Vegeta, and why?
Who would win, Wolverine or Hulk?
Seeking to cement his name as a true hero, the Great Saiyaman has decided to join the Hero Association . What is his rank and who's the strongest he could beat?
Who would win, SSGSSKK20 Goku or Champa?
Who would win in a fight with no weapons - Saitama, Superman or Flash?
Who would win this battle: The Borg successfully assimilate Doctor Who and all his tech. Who is the weakest person or group in comics or television to stop them?
Who'd win, Boxing Expert vs Jack of All Trades MMA?
Who would win, Naruto and Hinata vs. Sasuke and Sakura, as adults?
You vs. Peak Square Lipped White Rhinoceros Who would win?
Who has the best chance at defeating a bloodlusted Captain America, Daredevil or Black Panther?
Who would win, The Rhino vs 2 Black Rhinos?
What would happen if my city became full of metahumans and I acquired super-speed like the Flash, and became a superhero stopping super villains?
Who would win in a fight between the main character in the last video game you played and Santa Claus?
Who would win, Solid Snake vs. SEAL team six?
What would a street fight between Quora and Reddit look like?
The Nature of Skill
Who would win in a Battle Royale between all Dragon Ball Canon villains and the movie’s and video games’ villains?
Who would win in a war between Pakistan and India about Kashmir?
Your character kills John Wicks dog
You guys were awesome last time, now we have 7 groups of 5. All fighters are humans with no super powers. Help us choose who comes out the victor! Who would win?
If another war happens now between Israel and Arabs will Arabs win?
If a black mamba and a king cobra fought, who would win?
Who would win, Goku or Law?
If there were a war between the United States and the 56 people of the Pitcairn Islands, who would win?
Who would win in a race between Indy Car and Formula One on a F1 race track and on a racing oval?
Tournament List
Sci-fi squad tournament
Who would win, Lelouch VS L , in a game of chess?
Who would win in a fight between The Hulk and Solomon Grundy?
Who would win, The combined Earth, Fire, Air, and Water nations from Avatar wage war against the end of series Wheel of Time world?
If Cosmic Armour Superman were to fight Ultra Instint Goku on Earth in a one-on-one no holds barred, assuming earth indestructible and the atmosphere unpassable, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a Viking berserker and a grizzly bear?
Who would win, Thor Base or Thor?
What if the United Nations space command in Halo fought against the Separatist droid army in an all out war, who would win?
Tournament Rules- Rough
Who would win in a fight, a cheetah or a big strong man?
TIL that this subreddit has its own officially licensed series of educational children books.
Who is the strongest character that current gene-modified Sideshow Bob could defeat?
Who'd win, Sonic, Shadow, and Silver replace Goku, Vegeta, and Trunks in the Dragon Ball franchise. How far do they get?
Doctor Doom, swearing vengeance upon 20th Century Fox, runs a LOOOONG gauntlet against notable characters from their movies
Who would win this brawl: Satsuki vs. Lightning?
Who is the strongest Marvel Character could take down
Who will win the Germany vs Argentina FIFA World Cup final? Why?
Who would win this brawl: Manny Pacquiao vs. Kobe Bryant in a boxing match?
Who will win in a fight between Parmanu and Vison?
In the Total War series: Are combats between 2 units simulated per unit or per soldier?
If a honey badger went head to head with a wolverine, who would win?
Who would win this match: The Marines vs the Hero Association?
Who would win: Dracula of DC versus Dracula of Marvel?
Why does America think it helped win WW2 when it was Russia that fought it alone for years and America only joined when it was clear the Axis were losing?
Who would win the battle between the Ancient One and Thanos?
How much can Kurama take until he dies if it is Kurama versus the world with no sealing jutsu and no death/soul reaping jutsu, but all others are allowed? Who would win?
Who would win, Naruto or Kaneki?
Who'd win, The Shark Slayer vs Jaws?
What will happen if a hypothetic ecosystem consists of only plants, deer and tiger and all deers removed?
Randy is in a locked house with 150 cheeseburgers. How many can the Hamburglar get to before he eats them all/Randy wrastles him.
How many wolves would it take to kill a single grizzly bear?
Who would win this punch-up: Luke Skywalker at the beginning of Episode V vs a grizzly bear?
Who would win this brawl: Great Apes vs Humans?
Who'd win, Rhino VS Kratos?
Who would win, Kraven or Kraven from The Spectacular Spider-Man TV show?
Who would be the winner out of Batman and Kotal Kahn vs. Mileena and Kitana, and why?
Are there any stats on what percentage of major lottery wins are won from quick picks versus customer choice?
If a war broke out between the states today, would the US military intervene?
Who would win in a battle between 300 Russian soldiers and 300 US soldiers in an urban environment?
Turok the Dinosaur Hunter vs. Rookie Predator
Who would win in a fight among Spider-Man, Captain America, Wolverine, and Wonder Woman? Why?
If Bhishma and Arjuna fought each other to the best of their abilities without hesitation and without mercy, who would win?
If Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin fought each other to death, who would win?
Who would win, both of Zeno attendants/guards vs Goku?
Who'd win, Scar vs. Shere Khan?
How does the Reserve Bank of India changing repo rates and reverse repo rates for the banks help combat inflation?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and Marvel's Zeus?
My friend Devon thinks he can take an adult chimpanze
Who would win in a naval battle, the UK or the USA?
What would happen if the UK suddenly declared war on France, invaded and seized Paris within the first month?
Who would win, Chimpanzee vs Mountain Lion?
Who would win in a fight, the strongest version of Kaioshin Future Zamasu and the fastest in Universe 11, known as Dyspo at full speed?
Serials Request Thread for June
Who would win, Herobrine or Snoke?
Who would win, One-Punch Man vs Gaara of the Desert?
I hope this childhood character posts start picking up in popularity WHO WOULD WIN: Clifford the Big Red Dog Vs. The Ferocious Beast?
Who is the strongest character a Great White Shark could defeat?
Black bear vs MMA fighter: Who would win?
Who would win out of Racism vs Sexism, and why?
What are some cool tips to win egg and spoon race?
Who would win In a war between the modern nations of France and the United Kingdom?
Who would win in a battle between Marvel's Dark Phoenix and DC's Spectre?
In a contest for mightiest animal, who would win in a fight? I would think Siberian Tiger, Kodiak bear or african elephant.
Having 30 days in advance to prepare, do you think humans could win a war against all the insects on Earth?
Infinite Battle Arena Challenge!
Who do you think would win between Anthony Joshua and Joseph Parker if they fought and why?
Who would win, Cylon Centurions vs stormtroopers?
Who'd win, Indiana Jones vs. Saltwater Crocodile?
Who would win this punch-up: 50 Midgets vs 1 fully grown Bengral tiger?
Lightning vs Wonder Woman DC
Who'd win, Gary Kasparov w handicap vs Stephen Hawking at Chess?
What country would form alliance in WW3?
After the events of Infinity War, Thor wakes up to find himself back at the beginning of Thor , just before the coronation. How much can he change the future ?
If you had only your musical instrument and its accessories, how would you beat someone in a fight?
Can Jesus defeat Tohru ?
Who would win in a fight between Green Lantern and the Hulk?
Some numbers for Mass Effect combat
Powerpuff Girls vs. Street Sharks: Who would be the winner?
The villains of Korra run for president.
Who would win in a fight, DC Thor or Marvel Thor?
Can we stop acting as though Superman is in the same league as Goku?
Who would win: You with 12 hours of preparation, or a bear that will find and attack you no matter where you are.
In a battle between 1000 T-14 Armatas, 1000 Challenger 2s, and 1000 M1A2 SEP v3s, if humans aren't part of the fight, who wins?
You vs 2 chimpanzees Who would win?
Out of all possible Marvel universes , would any one Spider-Man reign supreme?
In a battle between beauty versus brains, who would win?
r/whowouldwin Great Balls of Fire PPV Results
Who will win a fight between a grizzly bear and a gorilla?
Who would win in a battle of luck?
Who would win in a battle between Randall Flagg and Darth Vader?
Section 9 is tasked with taking on Killy
Who would win a war between the Yuuzhan Vong and the Borg?
You vs a bloodlusted Siberian Tiger in a Home Depot. Who would win?
Who would win in a Death Battle, the Utahraptor or Kelenken?
What would happen if the pope suddenly started calling for a holy crusade against Israel?
Who would win if every world leader who ever lived fought Hunger Games style?
Why did Japan surrender in World War II?
Batman v Goku
How can I tell when someone is going to throw a punch in a fight?
Loki becomes a superhero.
If every country's population was turned into that country's national animal , who would win in a war?
Senator Steven Armstrong enters the running for the 2016 elections. How can he become the president?
The Birdemic vs. Mega Shark: Who would be the victor?
Who wins the Inverse hero brawl?
Kanye west is chosen by a green lantern ring...
Who would be the champion out of Cow vs horse or ferrari vs lamborghini, and why?
Who will win the UEFA Euro Cup in 2016 and why?
Who'd win, Jinbei vs. Aquaman?
Killer Croc vs The Crocodile Hunter: Who would be victorious?
I got an interesting prompt from an article I read. How many social media-obsessed people will it take to destroy North Korea?
What will win between fire and air versus water and earth?
Featured Team: The Air Nation
Who'd win, Doctor Fate vs. Dormammu?
Who would win in a fight: a grizzly bear or a saltwater crocodile?
Who would win a war between Serbia and Croatia and how would the confrontation look like?
Who would win in a battle: Genghis Khan and his army or Saladin and his army?
Who would win in a fight between Spawn and Dr. Strange?
The American Civil War is fought today between the world's superpowers, i.e. Korea or Vietnam. Who wins?
You are in a small arena with the top world leaders, all ready to fight and kill you with their fists. You get one melee weapon, what do you choose and how do you survive with it?
Who would win this brawl: Reverse Flash Vs. Ghost Rider?
What was the reason behind the famous fight between Virat Kohli and Gautam Gambhir?
The Roman military at its empire's peak vs 5 million bloodlusted adult male chimpanzees: Who would be the winner?
Who will win, Nike or Zeus?
Who would win this war: 4 Pit-Bulls vs. a full-grown chimpanzee?
Who would win in a battle between Deathstroke and Red Hood?
Who would win, Western Dragons Vs. Eastern Dragons?
Saturday Offtopic Discussion 4/8/2017
What techniques might infantrymen use to disable a unit of five Leopard tanks, working in conjunction with a platoon of soldiers?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Ares?
Every U.S. President has to fight one another to the death. Who wins?
Who would win a war between Monaco and the Vatican City?
Which group would win in a fight, Madara and Hashirama vs. Naruto and Sasuke?
Could one Droideka hold Thermopylae?
Who would win a fight between Thor without his hammer and Captain America?
The Independence Day Alien ships arrive above orbit...at Holy Terra. Which era of the Imperium of Man has the best chance?
Who will win a fight between Superman and spectre?
Who will win if there is a fight between the mountain and Hodor without weapons?
Who's the strongest that Katara could beat with only one cup of water?
Who'd win, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers vs Mahora Sentai Baka Rangers?
You now have a particularly large shovel, and have suddenly become an expert in shovel based combat. Can you take on the universe of your favourite RPG / Adventure game and win? Who would win?
Who would win in a war against each other: 1,000 wizards or 7 Billion humans?
Who would win, Darth Vader vs Mace Windu?
If Harry Potter and The Flash dueled, who would win?
What exactly happened on 9th of April in BHU with respect to fight between the law faculty and IIT?
Who would win, Kenith Ellen Parcell vs Abed Nadir?
Who would win in a fight between Dumbledore and Yoda?
Who'd win, Pegasus Seiya God cloth vs Mastered Ultra Instinct Goku?
If the greatest swordsman of Middle Earth and Westeros fought tournament-style, who would win?
Who would win in a war between the entire Marvel universe and the empire from Star Wars?
Could the Hulk really defeat the Juggernaut?
How do I win the race for college admission?
Let’s say China and Russia declared war on the rest of the world. Would they win?
Who would win, The Flash or Zoom?
Which class of ship would win between a USS IOWA class battleship and a Arleigh Burke-class guided missile destroyer in an all out battle?
Who would win, Brock Lesnar vs Bret Hart?
Who would win, A giant white rhino goes on a rampage in the middle of the state of Texas. It's headed straight for Oklahoma and the only thing standing between it and another destroyed state is the Dallas Cowboys' offensive line. Can they protect the US from a nationwide stampeding?
What did it feel like to be inside the World Trade Center at the time of the 9/11 attacks?
Can One Piece’s Luffy defeat his father in a fight?
Who would win in a fight hulk or colossus?
Who would win in a fight, Ultron or Darth Sidious?
Who will win a fight between a lion, a crocodile, and a hippo?
Who would win this fight: Willow Rosenberg vs Zatanna?
Who would win in a fight between Broly and Frieza? Why?
If there was war between the fifty states of America, which state would win? How do you think the war would play out?
Who would claim victory out of Barack Obama vs John Mccain vs Mitt Romney, and why?
If a war broke out between Canada and Great Britain, whose's side would America take?
Who would win in a battle between Darkseid and Batman?
What should I use in war, bioweapons or nuclear weapons?
Who would win in a fight on land, a king cobra or a saltwater crocodile?
Who'd win, Cannibal Shia LeBeouf vs Hungry Bear Grylls?
Who would win in a Death Battle between Darth Vader and Sarah Kerrigan?
Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet vs Dr. Manhattan: Who would be the victor?
Who would win this combat: Saitama vs Whis?
The 50 states have a hunger games. Which state would win.
How many German Shepherds would it take to kill a lion?
In a fight to the death in which your opponent is randomly selected from your peer group, would you choose a bat or a 12–14″ bowie knife?
Who would win, Captain America vs 10 full grown african rhinos?
How will World War III probably start, and what countries would be allies/enemies?
What will happen if World War III begins between the USA and North Korea?
Who would win a war between Brunei and the Vatican City?
Roughly how many 50 Cal Armor Piercing BMG bullets would it take to cut through the Empire State Building and cause it to collapse?
Who would win in a fight - 3 Grizzly bears or 9 Wolves?
Who would be victorious out of A bear vs A walrus, but the walrus has human arms and velociraptor legs, and the bear can poop out Magnemites and he's a keyboard bender, and why?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider vs. Black Adam?
Is powerlifter's strength applicable in a fight?
Who would win, Groudon or Kyogre?
Who is winning the AI security race?
Who'd win, The crew of The Normandy vs Noble Team 6?
Among Santa Claus, Uncle Grandpa, and Kim Jong-un, who would win in a 100 metre sprint race?
Guess these characters
"I am proud to introduce your Bull Moose Party Candidate for 2016, Theodore Roosevelt!"
Who would win a war between the Netherlands and Belgium?
How would Infinity War go if the Avengers had failed in every previous movie with an infinity stone?
On July 6th, 2020, archeologists in Japan found lost/hidden records/testimonies from samurais all the way to soldiers about seeing "giant water beasts marching onto land". On July 17th, a US Navy aircraft carrier is attacked and damaged by a Kaiju just 10 miles off the coast of Japan.
Who would win this duel: Spiderman Vs. Juggernaut?
Why did war not break out in Continental Europe during the American War of Independence?
What would be the most probable outcome if the Normandy invasion flotilla was attacked by 100 operational Type XXI U-boats?
How many African lions would it take to kill a Xenomorph?
Can you take over the world with this power?
What does it feel like to win the genetic lottery?
What would happen if 100 Jedi fought 4,000 Spartans?
Who would win, Ultimate Spiderman VS 60s Spiderman?
Featured Character- Glaistig Uaine, the Faerie Queen of the Dead.
Who would win in a fight between Galactus and Mogo?
Is anyone else unimpressed by Olympic fencing?
Who is more powerful: Brynden Rivers or Euron Greyjoy? Who would win if they fought each other?
Dolph Lundgren v.That guy who played Flash Gordon
Who would win, "Head of the Zoldyck Family" Silca Zoldyck or Menthuthuyoupi?
Dwight Schrute VS Gotham's main criminal roster: Who would claim victory?
How daunting is the task of sinking a 2014 U.S. Nimitz-class aircraft carrier protected by a typical deployed strike group?
Who'd win, Beaver vs Possum?
Who would win, World War Hulk and Skaar vs Invisible Women, Mr. Fanastic, Shirtless Unknown Guy, Spider-Woman, Human Torch, and The Sentry?
Who is the weakest character who would win the 75th Hunger Games 10/10?
Is there a close relation between gun violence and gangs in the US? How would you combat this?
What will be the maximum height of a person fully grown who was born on Mars and stays there for the duration of their life?
Tony Stark vs Tony Montana vs Tony Blair vs Tony the Tiger: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight, Piccolo or Majin Buu?
strelitzia vs Nirvash type-zero: Who would win?
All Dragonball characters are power equalized and get into a free for all- Who would win?
Who would win in a fight to the death: Trion Juggernaut or silver age Superman?
Who is the strongest character Monster Ock can beat?
Rational Man puts down his shotgun, and picks up a Super-Intelligent A.I: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Krillin, and why?
Shen vs the Beast: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Acnologia vs The 3 Admirals?
Who would win, Madara vs. Mihawk, Zoro, Law and Whitebeard?
Who would win this brawl: Livyatan vs. Megalodon?
Talion vs Geralt: Who would come out on top?
Who is the greatest Sith and Jedi of all time? Who would win if they fought?
Who would win this punch-up: Frodo gets to pick a team of 6 Pokémon for his journey to Mt. Doom, which becomes a Pokémon game. Who does he pick, and how well does he do?
Who would win in a battle between a human armed with a dagger vs 5 hunting dogs?
Who would win the battle between Pennywise, the Dancing Clown or Batman?
Is there any relationship between fear and courage in a combat situation?
Who'd win, 1000 ants vs 10 first graders?
Who will win in a battle between Superman and U-Foes?
Who would win, WBHulk vs Thor?
The Four Heavenly Kings vs Middle Earth: Who would win?
Why isn't the war with Mexico named the American-Mexican war?
What would've happened at the Battle of Borodino if Napoleon used his Imperial Guard effectively?
OPM Mosquito+Cat fusion
Who would win in a fight between Buffy Summers and Scott McCall?
Who would win; 5120 Ancient Roman soldiers, or 20 American Special Forces soldiers, with 3000 bullets each, on a flat 1000 ft by 1000 ft battleground?
Okay, for real this time
Who would win out of DCEU Wonder Woman VS MCU Thor VS DCEU Zod, and why?
How long would Pac-Man last as...Master Chief?
Who would win this war: Goku with batmans intelligence vs superman?
Batman Vs The Hulk in a freestyle rap battle: Who would be the champion?
What is the weakest country that can conquer North Korea?
Who would win, The Spectre versus Ghost Rider?
Who are the smartest, cleverest, best thinkers, etc that Tyrion Lannister can defeat in these several battles of wit I'm going to describe below?
Who would win, North Korea 40k vs The World?
Weakest person who could 6/10 Black Panther in a physical brawl?
Who would win in a battle between Giorno Giovanna and Pre-Crisis Superman?
What will happen to Indonesia if there will be a World War III?
Who would win a fight between Minato Namikaze and Shisui Uchiha?
What would win in a 1v1 fight between a fully equipped Warrior IFV or a fully equipped Bradley IFV?
Krav Maga master vs a karate master who would win?
Who would win this battle: Lobo vs. the Star Wars Universe?
Infinity War but without Cinematic Universe Characters
Who would win, Batman versus several copycat vigilantes?
Who would win this match: Martial Arts expert in a strait Jacket vs a 6'5 280 pound built guy with no combat training?
Is there anyone who can defeat Khal Drogo in a fight in A song of ice and fire?
Lightning McQueen vs. Turbo the snail
Strongest historical army the NYPD could protect Manhattan from?
Who would win this combat: Toretto, Hobbs, & Deckard Shaw vs Captain America?
Boxing : Who would win in a fight: Metta World Peace or Floyd Mayweather?
Who would win in a physical fight, Hulk, or Pre-retcon Beyonder?
THE PRESIDENTIAL SHOWDOWN
Who would win in a fight, Ten-Tails Madara or Sasuke in Boruto, and why?
Who thinks that this would be an interesting fight?https://rigoberto60.deviantart.com/art/Sakura-Vs-Hulk-209289118
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Natsu vs. Ace, and why?
Which animal will win a fight between a black caiman and an anaconda?
Who would win in a video game contest, 2,000 scientists or 2,000 Navy SEALs?
Who would win in a fight between President Snow and Emperor Palpatine?
Who would win in a fight between Mickey Mouse Thanos with Marvel Studios stone, Star Wars stone, Fantastic Four stone, X-Men stone, Spider-Man stone, and MCU Avengers?
Who would win this punch-up: Depowered Goku vs Depowered Superman?
If Sonic and Mega Man X fought, who would win?
Popeye the Sailor Man vs The Old Spice Guy
Can Turkey win a war against Syria?
Who would win in a one-versus-one Guts or Zabuza?
If all the four Hogwarts founders fought, who would win?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer VS Captain America
Who would win in a battle between Voldemort and Orochimaru?
What children's stories involve someone losing the race because they saw the winning post?
Who'd win, Iron Fist vs The Bat Family?
Who would win in a fight, She-Hulk or Super Girl?
How does fighting between a mother and father affect a child's brain?
If all the countries decide to go old school at war, which country would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Grey Worm or Bronn?
If India was so advanced in the past, why did it get invaded repeatedly? Why were we defeated if we had scholars in the political sciences and masters of strategy?
Who'd win, Master Chief vs Captain Fordo?
Banjo and Kazooie vs Yoshi: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight: Han Solo, or Indiana Jones?
Who would win, Frieza or Master Roshi?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of 10 Men vs 30 bear sized chickens, and why?
If all the Infinity Gems were given to normal people who had learned to master their stones’ abilities, and they all fought in free for all, who would win?
Who wins between Sasori and Hidan?
Who Are the Top 10 Fighters in the Game of Thrones Universe? If They Fight in a Battle Roayle, Who Would Win?
If a war broke out between India and China, who would win?
Your favorite superhero replaces Saitama in One Punch Man. How well do they do?
Samus is given a jet pack to her powers suit to have the ability to fly like an arwing, how far can she get in each of these star fox games?
Who would win, Batman and Robin vs. Iron Man and Spiderman?
You're forced to enter a martial arts tournament to the death. You can have the skill of one fighting game character of your choice transferred to you. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Cthulhu and Galactus?
"The Gang Runs a Campaign" - Dee and Mac run Hillary Clinton's campaign, Dennis and Frank run Donald Trump's, and Charlie runs Gary Johnson's. Who is elected President?
Will the North Korean missile strike start World War III?
Your Favourite Character vs. A Touhou Gauntlet
I don't understand the advertisements today. They are completely illogical, wearing a Amul Macho wins the race. Isn't it a wrong promotion?
Who would win, Raiden versus Ryu Hayabusa?
Strongest country that Korea can beat?
The Arrow Clan vs the Bat Family: Who would claim victory?
What would happen in the first months following the start of a second Korean War?
Sakura Haruno vs. Neji Hyuga: Who would be the victor?
If a pacemaker wins a race, will he be counted as the winner of the race?
Who'd win, Dog vs Wolf?
Who would be the winner out of Optimus Prime vs Clifford the Big Red Dog with Wolverine's powers, and why?
Who would win this brawl: Wonder Woman vs. Flash?
How many ships would it take for the Galactic Empire to conquer Earth? How long would it take for Earth to fall? How many star destroyers would the Empire need? What kind of losses would the Empire sustain?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy or Spider-Man?
Who would win, Brock Lesnar versus The Shield?
Who will win, one eagle or 10 crows?
You vs Undefeated German boxing champion Christina Hammer Who would win?
Who will win in a fight between Black Panther and Goku?
Who would win in a battle, 100 SWAT members or 100 U.S. Marines?
Who would claim victory out of Voldemort, Death Eaters, & 10,000 Inferi vs Darth Maul, Savage Opress, Pre Vizsla, & the Shadow Collective, and why?
Who'd win, Rick Sanchez vs Saitama?
Who would win, Grunts from Halo or Ewoks from Star Wars?
What is the strongest superhero that the SCP Foundation can defeat?
Who would win a fight between the Hindu god Hanuman and Thanos with Infinity Stones?
Every superhero in the DC Comics New FiftyTwoniverse is placed in an inescapable battle arena. Who wins?
Who would win, Desperate to clear all doubts about them once and for all, OJ Simpson and George Zimmerman decided to hold a trial by combat?
Who would win this combat: Megalodon Vs T-Rex?
Who would win out of Graham's number of ants vs One Googolplex worth of Marines, and why?
Who would win in a fight saitama vs the incredible hulk?
All the Spiderman movie villains in a free-for-all
Who would be victorious out of Sasori vs Baroque Works, and why?
Batman gains the powers of your favorite super. Who can he now defeat that he could not before?
If Nepal and Bhutan went to war, who would win?
In a hypothetical full frontal war between india and the united kingdom, keeping in consideration no allies or nukes. Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Sephiroth and Vergil?
Who would win in a fight of an adult male human vs. a golden eagle?
Who would win, Locusts vs Chimera?
Who would win, a full powered perfect cell or a Resurrected Frieza?
Which one will win in a war between two nations if one has higher quantity but lesser quality and other has better quality but lesser quantity?
Who would win this punch-up: The Virgin One Punch Man vs Thanos, The Chad Titan?
If Superman Prime and the Emperor fought at full power, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Sagat Petchyindee and Namsaknoi?
Who would win, Man vs Lion?
Every Former US president runs again.
Who would win in a fight between an MMA fighter and a sumo wrestler?
What would've happened if Sir Oswald Mosley had become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
Who will win in a war between the forces of both Queen of Hearts' and the Wicked Witch of the West's?
Animated Disney Villain Battle Royale!
Who would win, a cheetah of ancient Egypt vs a cheetah of today?
Lightning McQueen enters the Sprint Cup.
Who will eventually win the standards war for an electric vehicle between the Toyota Fuel Cell Car and Tesla Electric Car?
Who would win, MCU Captain America or MCU Thanos?
If you had five humans vs. 10 foxes, then who would win?
Who would win this battle: Goku, Superman, Darth Vader, and Mr. Bean wake up in Kanto. Who becomes a Pokemon master first?
What could life be like for the average US citizen if World War III happened in 2018?
Who would win: Miyamoto Musashi vs. Fiore de'i Liberi?
If all the insects and all the humans of the world waged an all-out war against each other, who would emerge victorious?
Who would win this war: Adult lion vs black widow the size of an adult lion?
Who would be the winner out of Zero from Megaman X5 vs Ultron, and why?
In a 4-way war between the Hand, the League of Assassins, the Court of Owls, and the League of Shadows, who gets eliminated first and who wins?
In a relationship, is it good to bring parents in between to solve a fight?
What would happen if Lithuania and Estonia suddenly attacked Latvia? Would Latvia be occupied if NATO and Russia stay neutral?
Who would win in a war between Canada and Australia if distance wasn't an issue? Basically, if it was in an arena war scenario, without anyone else intervening.
Who would win, Hilary Clinton and Michelle Obama in a "Yo Mama" standoff?
Could a normal human take an ant sized hulk?
Who would win in a war between France and Brazil?
The Cooper Gang have to break into the Batcave
The subreddit that your top post is from is the name of a superhero. Can he beat your username?
Who would win a fight: Hafthór Björnsson vs a clawless and toothless grizzly bear?
Who's the weakest Dragon Ball character that could chuck the following objects out of orbit?
Can Wonder Woman defeat Captain America?
Who would win, Brown Bear vs. Great White Shark?
Who would win in a fight: Fayt Leingod or Edge Maverick?
Who would win in a fight, Kittie Eubank's cats or Andrew Weill's cats?
Zergs vs Chimera Ants: Who would win?
Ruby Rose gets RWBY Rex for a Cavalry Gauntlet.
Hitler Vs. Stalin: Bare knuckle boxing match: Who would claim victory?
Why did Russians invest so much in air defense systems and Americans so little? What is the reason for this difference in doctrine?
Who would win a war between Hitler and Napoleon?
Bruce Wayne vs. Bruce Lee, who would win?
Who would win, Shalnark vs "Chimera Ant Queen" Zazan?
Featured Team: Totally Spies
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Composite Anubis vs Kim Jong Un with everything North Korea believes him to be, and why?
It's 2018. So why do some people still think the US could decisively win a war against China?
Can we get a comprehensive list of all characters created by this sub?
Who would have the edge out of ManCrabShark vs Salary Man, and why?
An alien civilization sent a robotic spaceship to our solar system. What would be the best place to leave the spaceship so it can be found by a nascent civilization like us?
Who would win a war between Cuba and Ecuador? Why?
Who could cause more chaos/mayhem? The goat from Goat Simulator 2014 or Rico Rodriguez from Just Cause 2?
Would a full-grown male in Kangal stand a chance in a fight against a jaguar?
Who would win a fight between a triceratops and a lion?
Small Hack&Slash Tournament
Who's the strongest that an 'all feats, promised Lisa' Homer Simpson could beat?
Would you vote for the PAP if you knew 1 week after they win the elections, everyone, regardless of age, race or gender, would have to serve NS in its current form?
If Germany and Britain went to war who would win?
Who will win in a war between Qing Dynasty and allied forces of all the Native African tribes?
Who would win this combat: United Kingdom and France vs Japan and South Korea?
Tunnel Snakes versus. Atom Cats
2 Jiralhanae War Chieftains vs 6 Tau Fire Warriors: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, A 10 Foot Grizzly Bear vs A Great White Shark -- In 5 feet of water?
Could you survive an encounter with a wolf?
Who is the strongest DC/Marvel superhero A'Lan Mandragoran can defeat?
Who would win out of Professor Farnsworth vs. Mr. Burns in a boxing match, and why?
Who would win this battle: Gandalf vs. The Watcher in the Water?
Who'd win, Great Deku Tree vs Woody?
Who will win in a race between the Lamborghini Gallardo and the Scorpio 3D?
Who would win in a fight, Sora or Steven Universe?
An average human with a lightsaber vs. An average human with a gun.
Who would win in a battle between Aries Shion and Gemini Saga of Saint Seiya?
In the Ramayan and Mahabharata, the war description is simple, the results of win or loss were decided on duels between the main characters. Generally, the commanders do not take actual weapons. Can somebody give their opinion on this?
What factors contributed to the huge disparity in the success of P-38's in fighter on fighter combat between the European and Pacific theaters? Was it the difference in the speed differential between the lightning and its respective adversaries?
Who would win this duel: Mighty Morphin Power Rangers vs Power Rangers Dino Thunder vs Power Ranger Dino Charge?
Who'd win, Bigby wolf vs Jessica Jones to see who is the better detective?
Every subscriber of WhoWouldWin vs. Historical armies.
Who would win, Batman dies and Superman loses all powers except his X-ray vision. can he replace Batman?
Who would have the edge out of Mike Tyson vs 3 U.S. Navy Seals, and why?
Who'd win, The Hydra from Disney's Hercules vs the dog summon of Naruto Shippuden's Pain?
Who wins in a fight, Boba Fett or Deathstroke?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Aquaman?
Thermopylae: Zombie Mode
Who would win this punch-up: CW: Steel vs Thunder?
Who is the weakest person who could stop the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs?
Who'd win, Camel or a Bull?
Who would win out of Ghostbusters vs Ghost Rider, and why?
Who would come out on top out of Charlemagne vs. Hammurabi in a historical death match, and why?
If you were to take every official empire at its height at each of their respective heights and made them face off against the US today, who would win?
How would a war between the United Kingdom and South Korea go? Who would win without allies, and with and without nuclear weapons?
Your pet is now bloodlusted and on top of their animal instincts, they now have advanced combat skills
Bloodlusted KillFace vs. Luke Cage
Thanos and his army vs the entire might of the Empire: Who would win?
Who'd win, Shino Aburame vs Gaara of the sand?
Who is the strongest superhero Ash's Snorlax could take down?
What is the most ridiculous "who would win" question on Quora?
Which would win between No Man’s Sky ships and Star Wars ships?
Is there anyone in the Harry Potter universe who could bear the Ring to Mordor?
Who would win a fight between a Black Widow from Marvel and the Penguin from Batman?
How many cat-sized humans could a human-sized feral cat take on? Peak human-sized feral cat?
Who would win a fight between Brock Lesnar and Andre the Giant?
If the rest of the world stand together and fight against the 5 permanent member states of UN in wars, how long can the 5 states persist?
Who would win in a fight: Liberal vs Conservative?
If the UK and Turkey went to war, who would win? Is the UK weak when alone?
Who'd win, A Titan Legion vs. A Zeon Battalion?
Who would win out of CW Flash vs FOX Quicksilver, and why?
Who would win a boxing match between Golovkin and Hagler?
A crab vs A lobster: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight, Kakashi or Luigi?
Who'd win, T-Rex vs. a Jedi Knight w/o light saber?
Pokemon: In a fight between Darkrai and Mewtwo, who would win?
Who would win, an adult leopard gecko, or a fox bat?
All ten Vault Hunters from Borderlands versus all nine mercenaries from Team Fortress 2.
Who is the strongest character Courage the Cowardly Dog could defeat?
The UK declare war on Germany tomorrow. Who would win?
Who would win, Beerus or Sentry?
Will World War 3 start if John Bolton replaces McMaster and is picked as NSA as reported?
How do you defeat the Justice League with the following powers?
Marvel vs DC at the Olympics: Who would win?
Who would win this fight: The entire US Army vs T-rex's?
Who'd win, Deadpool versus this Dreamworks gauntlet?
who would win in a sword fight between Zoro and Killer Bee?
Who would win this combat: Chimpanzee VS Wolf?
What would win in a fight? A fully-armed AT-AT from Star Wars or a fully-armed Scarab from the Halo franchise?
What factors determine winning of a Formula One race?
How well can a professional MMA fighter handle a street fight?
Who would be the victor out of Wander from Shadow of The Colossus vs American ninja warrior, and why?
Who would win, Actual Cat vs Actual Rat, both of which have human intelligence?
Can your favorite character withstand the awesome power of water x time?
Who would win in a fight to the death between Kratos and Guts?
Who would win, Mr. Fox vs RJ?
Venom Snake replaces Solid Snake in the Shadow Moses Incident. Can he replicate Solid's success or will he fall to FOXHOUND: Who would claim victory?
Who'd win, Shadow of the Colossus, but Wander and Agro are replaced by Batman and the Batmobile, and the 16 Colossi are replaced by these random giants?
Between The Maker, Brainiac 5, and Contessa, who would be the quickest to successfully comprehend and translate Finnegans Wake?
Who'd win, A Knight, a samurai, and a viking are fighting over a puddle of water?
The year is 1944, you have been hired by H.Y.D.R.A
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Superman?
How can Natsu win against Haru if they ever fought?
Who would win this combat: The 4 Heavenly Kings vs The Ginyu Force?
In a war between a group of Marvel heroes and 8 Imperial Star Destroyers with full complement but no Vader, who would win?
What might it be like to spend a day with the Clegane family?
My sweet ass
How long can your character last on a deserted island?
Which country will win the space race in Southeast Asia?
Marvel vs DC: Who would win a baseball game?
In a nuclear war between NATO against Russia, China, North Korea and Iran, who will win?
Who would win out of sonic, shadow and silver vs voldemort, dumbledore and grindelwald, and why?
A Rapping Raptor vs a Rapper Riding a Raptor: Who would win?
Who would win this duel: The Turtle vs Master Oogway?
Who would win in a fight between a medieval knight and a primordial spider? Could the knight stand a chance with just his armor, a broadsword, and a shield?
What does it feel like for a doctor to get in a fight with their patient?
Who would win a 800m track race between Usain Bolt & Cristiano Ronaldo?
An unblocked Predator or a pack of four raptors
Dune : Who would win in a fight: Sardaukar or Fremen?
What is the largest breed of dog I can beat barehanded 6/10?
Who would win a fight between Steppenwolf and Surtur?
Who would win in a fight between the MCU’s Dr. Strange and Rick Sanchez?
Who would win in a battle between Ravana and Thanos?
Battle Chairs
Who would win, Arsenal vs Chelsea?
What should I do to win the life race?
Who would win, Mace Windu vs Jango Fett?
What would happen if the U.S. Allied powers were defeated in WWI?
Who would win, enraged SSJ2 Vegeta or Beerus?
Who would win, Ultra Instinct Eustache Bagge Vs. Darth Vader?
Who would win in a war between the US, UK, France, Russia, and Israel VS Nazi Germany, North Korea, and all terrorist groups in the middle east?
Who would win in a hand to hand fight between a Na'vi and a Yautja?
Who would win, Captain Olimar VS a cat?
Who would win in a fight between a Covenant Supercarrier and Earth's modern day military?
Historical fight: Guan Yu vs Attila the Hun: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight between all Quorans and all of the Quarren?
You have universe jumping powers, 1M USD and 50 years of prep time. Your mission: do whatever you can to kill Jiren, within 10 universe jumps. Who would win?
Who'd win, Rhino with a Lightsaber Horn VS A Bear with Chainsaw Arms?
All animals on earth instantly become hostile to humans.
Who would win: an army of 100 angry 7 year olds or a very hungry grown lion?
Who'd win, Naruto Universe VS DBZ Universe?
Who would win in the Hulk vs. Magneto?
A troop of Chimpanzees stumbles upon 5 humans. Who would win?
The Punisher has a new target, Floyd Lawton, better known as Deadshot . Can he take him down?
Between the Gewehr 43 and M1 Garand, which rifle was better than the other in terms of accuracy, handling and combat effectiveness?
5 Albanian drug lords in a Mercedes S65 v 5 Alabamans in a Ford F-350 Powerstroke
Who will win in a fight between hancock and thor?
Who would win a fight between Goldberg and Seth Rollins?
How many Houndooms would you need for a fair fight with a Balrog?
Who would win this duel: Seth Rogen vs. North Korea?
Who would win, Composite Animal vs Composite Plant?
Who'd win, 2 Normal Silverback Gorillas vs 1 Silverback that has been working out?
All weapons are gone. The only way to fight is for each country to choose one Pokemon to fight their battles for them. Who chooses what Pokemon and who is the new world super power?
Who would win a Triwizard Tournament between everyone who taught Defense Against the Dark Arts during Harry's time in Hogwarts?
Every non-human animal on Earth is now trying to wipe humanity out. Is there any way we can survive?
Who would win the war between Nader Shah Afshar & Ahmad Shah Durrani?
Who would win, Hezbollah or Israel?
What is the most ridiculous example of a weaker superhero / villain defeating a much stronger one?
Who would win in a fight, Lobo, Doomsday, Deadpool, or Hidan?
Could one win the Methuselah Foundation mouse prize by combining calorie restriction, IGF1R knockout, AGE breakers, rapamycin, and metformin - all with each other?
Why is it that the parliamentary democratic elections are reduced to the fight between two 'men' in India?
Who would win in a fight between Sargeras and Elune?
Who would win, Goku and Vegeta vs Champa?
How would the lords of Westeros have defended Minas Tirith and the Hornburg during their sieges?
Who'd win, Sheriff Bigby Wolf VS a xenomorph?
If Trump actually starts a trade war with China, and China fights back, who will lose more, and why?
How would a fight between ROTJ Luke and Rey go down?
Did USA really help to win the WW2?
Mike Tyson vs. a kangaroo: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a battle of Supergirl vs. Arrow?
Who would claim victory out of Ronda Rousey vs. Batman, and why?
What would constitute a Third World War at a minimum and how long might it last?
Batman's villains create a Sinister Six of their own. Who's in it, how does it go down, and who wins: Bats or the Six?
Who would win in a fight between Flame Alchemist and Firebender?
What would happen if Europe and Asia went to war with America and Africa?
A Hippo, a rhino, a silverback gorilla and a grizzly bear get into a fight, who wins.
Can America and its allies win WW3 right now? What about in 5 years?
Zeus vs World Breaker Hulk, who would win?
Who would win a war between Russia and its satellites vs EU NATO members including the UK if the objective is annexation?
How many Asimos would it take to successfully invade North Korea?
Your pets are suddenly ten times larger. Can you survive playtime/cuddles?
Who would win in a fight: Yoda or Starkiller?
How many ninjas would it take to ambush and kill/capture a squad of Navy SEALS?
Who would win in a battle between all the ships of the Regia Marina and the Ceadeus from Monster Hunter?
Who would win, Black Widow vs Batman?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider VS Thor?
Who would be the victor out of Flash vs Usain Bolt, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Satan and an M1A2 Abrams tank with a trained crew?
Will another war with Pakistan result in World War 3 considering India has many allies all over the world?
My character vs. Superman
Who would win this brawl: Fenris Vs Monster Dogs?
The Last Dragonborn vs. Darth Vader: Who would be victorious?
Weakest, smallest breed of dog that could kill a chimpanzee?
Who would win in a fight: MacGyver or Jack Bauer?
How would Batman defeat Wrath’s demonic-like spirit?
Would any earth animal be able to kill the Xenomorph from Alien in single combat?
If all countries with a Muslim majority join together and fight Israel and NATO, what would happen next?
Who would win this combat: Ash vs The events of DOOM 3?
Can France alone defeat China military?
Who would win, Maha Zoldyck or Isaac Netero?
How would I relocate to northern Canada from the US? Would it be safe there if the US went to war?
Who would win in a test match between West Indies 1984 and Australia 2002?
What would happen if a tiny island nation of only a few thousand people and no real military declared war on America?
Who would win, Hop vs Caway?
Does America wins Olympic medal as a result of cold war? Should there be separate Olympics between US and Russia?
Who would have the edge out of Mad Titan Thanos Vs Ghost of Sparta Kratos, and why?
If there is a war between Mewto and Superman who will win?
Who would win in a fist fight, Buddha or Jesus?
All Might takes on the One Piece Universe
What H2H weapon would allow a Human to 9/10 a Grizzly Bear ?
What would happen to our every day lives, if the USA found itself in a WW3 scenario?
All out battle in the wild
Whos the weakest character with out powers who can kill the president and get away with it
Instead of the Whitebeard pirates....
Who'd win, Me vs You?
Who would win in a fight between a martial artist and an untrained person who thinks you need big muscles?
Is Jaime Lannister more honourable than Ned Stark in a fight?
Every character Leslie Nieslen has ever played in a Free For All.
Who'd win, Alexander Anderson vs Nero?
Who would win, Symbiote Spidey vs Black Widow and Thor?
North Korea vs operation Barbarossa: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a war between the United States and the United Kingdom in the 1910's?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Ultron or a T-1000?
Who would win, Guy Might vs Hagoromo Ôtsutsuki?
Every Marvel/DC superheros' identity has suddenly gone public.
Who would be victorious out of Joker with SCP-3120 vs. Batman, and why?
Ant man VS the Flash in a game of hide-and-seek: Who would be victorious?
Who would win a fight between three wolves and a silverback gorilla?
Gaara of the Sands vs Jason Voorhees: Who would be the champion?
WhoWouldWin Madness- Modless Mayhem
Who'd win, A power stone falls into the yard of a crotchety old japanese man who doesn't trust anyone and doesn't speak english. If the only option is to try and convince him to hand it over strictly using gestures and body language, which MCU character wins the man's trust?
Who would win, aliens from Space Jam movie vs the Avengers?
Last man standing fight between all the four main characters of the Big Bang Theory
Who would win, German WW2 King Tiger tank vs a man with Stinger hand held missile?
Can a human ever win a battle with a chimpanzee?
Who would win in a battle between the Judeo-Christian God and the Islamic God?
Who would win, A jaguar vs a grizzly bear?
Who would win, PSY vs. Justin Bieber vs. Batman in a dance-off MC'd by Skrillex?
Who would win in a battle between 50 Covenant soldiers and 200 Gurkha soldiers?
Who would win in a battle to the death between all of the Sith lords?
Who would win in a battle between a dwarf and an elf?
What is the thing most people forget in a fight?
Who would win, Ambush Bug vs Deadpool?
Who would be victorious out of Ser Gregor Clegane vs Lurtz, and why?
Your favorite universe is gonna get invaded by Marvel characters formed into team. Can they survive the waves?
Amateur Hour - WWW Obscure Character Discussion - Week 12
Who would win in a fight between Rorschach and Marv?
Who would win this duel: The Millennium Falcon vs the USS Enterprise A?
How would Thor fair in Metropolis?
War: Seattle vs. Vancouver: Who would win?
Who would win, A pack of Librarians vs a JP T-Rex?
Arena types
Who would win in a fight between a horse and a camel of similar size?
Who would win, base Enchantress or El Diablo?
Since Russia and China are now co-operating even more, is WW3 inevitable?
Who would win a fight between Wolverine and Luke Cage?
Who would win in a fight between superman and a reality warping being?
How would the war change for Germany if they were given 50,000 Panzer 4s and 50,000 Panzer 5s and the fuel and manpower to use them?
Who would win a war between all former British Empire countries and the rest of the world?
What's the weakest combination of MCU characters that could beat DCEU Superman
Who would win this punch-up: Doug "The Thug" Glatt vs The Hansen Triplets?
Who would win this combat: Marvel vs DC: Tug of war?
Who would win, Goku and Superman vs Saitama?
Who will win in Vitoria Setubal versus Boavista FC in Portugal’s Primera Liga?
You VS a random SCP with a random power. Who would win?
Who would win, Thor, The God of Thunder vs. That team you could never beat in 5th Grade soccer?
Who would come out on top out of The Darkness vs. Devilman, and why?
Who would win in a fight between the MCU versions Captain America and Diamondback?
Who would win, Wonder Woman vs Platinum?
A Red Son rises over the One Earth Government.
Who would win a battle between a Star Wars universe fleet and a Gundam universe fleet?
"I demand a trial by combat!" - Tyrion Lannister said. And then... the Ogre stepped forward to defend him.
Can the Thinker with all metahuman capabilities stand up against Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet?
Who would win in a fight, Kakashi at his prime or Itachi at his prime?
What were the major differences between the Chinese and Western European approaches to war from the early classical to late Mediaeval eras?
Who would win in a fight, Chuck Norris or Jason Voorhees?
How did ancient Rome manage to pay for a professional army, whereas most medieval states didn't? How did it manage to defend its borders?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of N. Korea Vs. S. Korea, and why?
Who would win this match: Supa Hot Fire vs. Big Shaq in a rap battle?
300 amateur fencers vs. Count Dooku: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Arsenal or Batman?
Do all these questions I see lately on Quora about fighting apes mean there will soon be a real war with gorillas?
What super human could defeat the Hulk?
Who would win in a battle of wits between a human and an orangutan?
Who would win, Drax vs Thor?
If we had a year to prepare to fight off Thanos could we pull it off?
Would having almost anything in your hand be better than bare fists in a fight?
Give normal or peak human character 5 minutes of pure invulnerability, which is the highest tier character he can beat/
Who would win in a fight, Zoro or Zeref Dragneel?
If ISIS launches a massive attack between now and November, who will win the election?
Ligers vs. Tigons vs. Lions vs. Tigers: Who would be the winner?
Who is the strongest playable overwatch character you are confident you can beat in a fight?
Who'd win, Great White Shark vs. Hippo?
Who will win in a fight between Superman and Supergirl?
Who would win in a fight between Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and One Punch Man?
How many grizzly bears would it take to bring down a T-Rex?
If the US and UN forces in Korea believed the Intel that China would enter the war, what might they have done in response? How would the war have gone differently?
Who would win, Aono Tsukune vs. Ken Kaneki?
Who would win in a fight between Edward Cullen and Darth Vader?
Who would win, Superman vs. Flash & Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Universe 10 Fighters or Jiren the Grey?
Who would win, human Ben 10 without any aliens or Vilgax?
Who is a better martial artist: Batman or Black Panther?
Who is the weakest DBZ character capable of soloing the Steven Universe crowd?
Who would win this battle: Super Hot Fire VS Big Shaq?
Who would win, Goku vs the Justice league?
The Bat-family enters the Erabor, The Lonely Mountain. Can they defeat Smaug.
Who would win in a fight, Natsu, Sakura, Korra, or Luffy, and why?
Who would win in a battle between a merged Legion and the X-Man?
Who would win a death stare match against Jiren vs Superman vs Cyclops?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Karate Kid?
Who would win in a fight, A Xenomorph or Indominus Rex?
Bloodlusted Submarine swims a gauntlet.
Who would win this match: Ants in my Eyes Johnson vs. Angry Jack?
Who would win, Beerus vs Saitama?
Who'd win, Bruce Lee vs. Bruce Lee with a baseball bat?
Who would win a fight between Trion Juggernaut and Red Hulk?
In a fistfight, Sir Gregor Clegane or Bluto from Popeye?
Who'd win, North Korea vs Every Crazy Gun owner in America?
Do you think there will be another fight between Naruto and Sasuke?
You get two random superpowers. Can you kill president Donald Trump? Who would win?
Who would win in a war: The Borg or The Replicators?
Who would win in a team fist fight, ten American rednecks or ten Australian bogans?
Who would win this war: Average Human vs Saitama?
What is the best tip or trick to win a fight?
Who would win, Gaara vs Toph?
Who'd win, Itachi vs Madara?
Why do teams that don’t regularly win in Formula 1 keep racing with the same driver, spend the same money, and are satisfied with the same results? What are their goals for the competition?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Obama vs Bush, and why?
Who would be the winner out of The Soviet Union of 1965 replaces the Soviet Union of 1950. Can they help North Korea and China win the Korean War with only air power, and why?
Who would be victorious out of A triceratops vs 3 Siberian tigers, and why?
Who uses 300 Win Mags?
Who would win in a fight by a knockout, Tyson at his prime versus a muzzled chimpanzee forced to wear boxing gloves?
How often are winning lotto numbers picked versus randomly generated by the machine?
Who would win if Castiel fought the Night King or even any of the other angels of Supernatural?
Who would win, Elder Scrolls Battle: Orc vs. Nord?
Who would win, Vegito ultra instinct vs Jiren?
Who would win in a fight, 5 Spartans or 5 Samurais? Weapons are intended.
Who is the weakest person that would fare against the 15 Colossi ?
Hypothetical Scenarios: If online anonymity can become a cause that non-profits fight for, what about a non profit whose cause is the elimination of online scams?
Who would be the winner out of Aogiri Tree vs Blood Ravens, and why?
Who would win this match: Tien Vs Super Buu?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs Thor?
Death Stats: Upon your death you get to review your life statistics, what would you want to know?
Who would win a fight between Hulk WorldBreaker and the Abomination?
If you were attacked and had to use food as self-defense, what would you use?
Who/what would win in a fight between carpet and the Cloak of Levitation?
Who would claim victory out of Lion vs. Gorilla, and why?
Who would win in a war between Vorcha and modern human?
In a fight between a carpenter bee and a bumblebee, who usually wins?
Who would win: Obi-Wan versus a Mandalorian terrorist?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Maul vs Darth Malak?
Due to money troubles, the Kaminoans use a frozen human as the Clone Template. Meanwhile Dooku has found an AI to renovate the Droid Army with, codenamed Ultron. Now with the Cap Clone Army and Ultron Droid Separatists, who wins The Clone Wars?
Who would be the champion out of Katara from Avatar vs Juvia from Fairy Tail, and why?
Who would win, Naturon Shenron vs Haze Shenron?
Will a giraffe win or a gorilla in a fight?
Jack jack v.s. saitama
If a gorilla fought a tiger, which animal would win?
Let's settle this debate once and for all: Goku vs Superman vs Saitama vs Thor. Who would Win... at Hungry Hungry Hippos?
The multiverse will be destroyed unless we form the best possible fictional character band to rock the danger away
Who would win in a fight, Sherlock Holmes or Hercule Poirot?
How would a Jackie Chan in his prime do in a fight with current MMA fighters?
Who is the weakest person who could have saved Ace in the Battle of Marineford?
Doesn't the WW3 seem inevitable with all these conflicts going on at the moment?
Historical US figures participate in the Holy Grail War
In a game of 2-on-2 basketball between LeBron James and Kyrie Irving versus Andre Iguodala and Kawhi Leonard, who would win?
Who would win, Captain America or Spider-Man?
Future Death Battle: Redditors Opinion. Mewtwo Vs Shadow the Hedgehog: Who would come out on top?
Who would win between Moon knight and Batman?
Will Smith from “Independence Day” vs. Will Smith from “Wild Wild West” vs. Will Smith from “MIB” vs. Will Smith from “Ali” vs. Will Smith from “Fresh Prince of Bel Air”
What is the most powerful Dinosaur an African Elephant could defeat?
What are some of the best non-fiction books?
Who would win in a fight, an Arapaima or a Goliath Tiger fish?
What would a fight between Doomsday and Cyttorak Juggernaut be like?
Who would win this duel: End of Series Naruto with Flechette's power from Worm vs Leviathan?
Who would win this combat: Acnologia vs Dovahkiin?
Who would win, 1000 toddlers in iron man suits vs 2 elephants in iron man suits?
Who would win, Frank Castle vs Killmonger . Potential Spoilers Ahead?
Who'd win, Dogs vs. Cattle?
Who would win a fight between a puma and a cheetah?
Who would win, Martian Man Hunter vs Saber?
Who is the strongest character my grandfather can 5/10?
Hypothetical Scenarios: could a professional fencer with a good sword kill 50 unarmed humans in a fight?
Who'd win, mario with flashs speed vs sonic with one punch mans strength?
Who would win in a fight between Yamato and Kakashi?
Who is the strongest person BatMaru can beat?
Who would win in a fight, Edmund or Aragorn?
Battle of the Authors
Who would win, Union of Penguin Socialist Republics vs. United Seals of Antarctica?
Who'd win, Ultramarine vs. North Korea?
Who would win, Gaara vs Crocodile?
Who would win, Brick VS Shun?
Who would win in a war between Shaka Zulu and Julius Caesar?
Who will win, the dragons or the ice dragon?
Who would win in a fight between the strongest person on earth and the fastest person on earth?
Who would win a war between The United Kingdom and Russia if neither side brought any allies to the fight?
Who would win this fight: Solomon Grundy vs Doomsday?
Who would win this battle: 1000 U.S. Marines, or a stick?
Gauntlet
How can I understand the distance and timing in a fight and use it to my advantage?
Battle Royale. All of Mark Hamill’s voice acting roles in an arena.
You experience time at 1/100th speed. What is the strongest animal you can win a fight against?
Every single animal on Earth vs the United States military
Who will win a fight between Drona and Karna?
Who would win: The great evil spirit Aku or the master of shadows Teridax?
The U.S. Military invades the God of War universe. Who would win?
Who'd win, The Ghost Rider Vs. Spawn?
could T'Challa defeat Voldemort and all of the Death Eaters?
Would Russia declare war on China and Pakistan if Pakistan/China ever attacked India first, or would they stay away from the conflict?
Which tank would win between a Tiger 2 and the T-34?
For the 2020 Presidential Elections, the United States Goverment decides not to use any specific candidates. Instead, citizens can vote for whoever they want. Who do you think would win the Presidency?
Who would win if Sugar Ray Robinson fought Mayweather?
Who would win in a battle, Superman or Miracleman?
1000 Ninetails vs. The 9 Tailed fox: Who would be the winner?
Who would win a border war between the states, New Mexico and Texas, Texas being the invader?
What was the aftermath of the Halabja chemical attack?
Who would win this match: Ser Barristan Selmy, Ser Arthur Dayne and Ser Jamie Lannister vs The Furious Five?
If the US "stayed out" of the Gulf War, would it still have happened? If it would have, how would the war play out?
Who would win in a war: The Americas Vs. USA?
Who'd win, Yoda and Obi-Wan are forced into hiding before either can confront Palpatine or Vader. It appears Palpatine has won! However, the new Emperor forgot that Disney bought Star Wars. Now, King Mickey is off to confront Palpatine while Sora is off to battle the newly deemed Darth Vader on Mustafar?
Who of these Historical-Fantasy mixes would be the most powerful?
Who would win, Jesus Christ VS. Muhammad?
Who would be victorious out of Donquixote Doflamingo vs Sasori of the sands, and why?
Who would win, Thor with Stormbreaker or Superman?
Wonder Woman vs Kale: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a war between Romania and Sweden?
Who would claim victory out of Obi-Wan Kenobi vs Mace Windu, and why?
Who would win, The Cast of Stranger things vs the Jurassic Park Films?
Why doesn’t Roy Moore realize he is hurting the party by staying in the race, and not allowing another candidate to take his place to ensure a win?
Why does Pakistan say that it won the 1965 war with India?
Who would win a war between Panama and Laos, if they were neighbors?
Who would win in a fight, Walder Frey or Argus Filch?
The box ghost gains control of the Borg cubes. How far does he get in the Star Trek universe?
Who would have the edge out of Goku vs. Superman, and why?
What are some common misconceptions about Spartans?
Who would win, X-23 or Jean Grey, if they fought?
Edginess Battle! Shadow the Hedgehog vs Yasuo: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this match: Samurai Jack vs. Yajirobe?
Who would win, Team America World Police VS ISIS?
Who would win this duel: Man-Bat Vs. Man-Spider?
The Joker versus Chucky: who wins?
How would you have maximized your chances of survival, if you had been a German soldier in Stalingrad in late 1942?
hafþór björnsson now has the fighting skills of the best ufc fighter, the I.Q of stephen hawkings and the speed of usain bolt. Who can he beat: Who would be the winner?
You must fight the Iron man , what weapon will you choose and how do you use it against him?
Emperor Palpatine v Lex Luthor v Cthulhu v Sauron in a race to be elected President of the US.
Who would win between the German Army from Wolfenstein II and the modern day US military?
Who would win, Catwoman vs. Black Cat?
How would World War 3 be fought?
In a three way brawl between a lion, a tiger, a bear which one would win, and with the least amount of injuries?
Who'd win in a fight? James Bond or Indiana Jones?
What would win, a Silverback Gorilla or an American Blackbear?
Who would win a war between Brazil and Hispanic America?
Your Favorite Character vs this Tiny Terror
Who would have the edge out of Thor vs. Wonder Woman, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Kid Naruto or Kid Goku?
Who would win in a war between Silicon Valley and Los Angeles?
What if Spider-Man had the Venom Symbiote versus Batman?
Who'd win, Colonel Sanders with 50 bomb-strapped chickens Vs. Ronald McDonald riding an ancient psychic tandem war bull?
1996 Chicago Bulls v. 2001 Los Angeles Lakers
Forrest Gump runs a gauntlet.
Who would win this brawl: Lavos vs One Punch Man universe minus Saitama?
Who'd win, A mortal named Light Yagami has been wrecking havoc using the Death Note. Unable to intervene directly, the Shinigamis call upon the most cunning and brilliant individuals across universes to aid in the investigation to catch him?
Is man not made for defeat?
Who would win this fight: Rick Sanchez vs Courage the Cowardly Dog?
Can Superman break Master Chief's unbreakable bones?
Who would win in a 1v1 Death Battle between Naruto and Krillin?
If Israel and Iran declared war hastily, who would win the war?
What would be the estimated year that world war 3 will happen?
Who would win, Master Oogway vs Ash's Torterra?
Green Goblin vs. Doctor Octopus: Who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Batman versus a fully-grown adult male Kodiak bear?
Redditors, how do you think can bane be knocked unconscious
Could 65 million five year olds take over Helms Deep guarded by 1,700 Navy Seals?
Who would win a battle between Ender Wiggin and Bean?
Who would win a battle between avengers and X-men teams?
The United States is now surrounded by the storm from Fortnite. In one year it will close in on a 100 mile radius in the Kansas-Nebraska area
Who would win in a war between Chile and Australia?
Mutants v. Conduits
Who'd win, Sleepy John Estes vs. Luther Strode?
In The Karate Kid how was Daniel able to compete and win the tournament, when he only had a couple months of karate training?
Who would win this fight: Bigfoot vs. Ben Franklin. In making people believe in them?
Who'd win, 1940s Peggy Carter vs Natasha Romanoff boxing?
What's the best way to learn how to defend myself in a fight? Where do you go to learn how to fight when there are no rules?
Hypothetically, if Reddit and Quora went to war, who would win and why?
If Russia was in Canada's geographical place, and war broke out between them and the US . Who would win?
How would the American Civil War have been different if Robert E. Lee became the general for the US instead of the Confederates?
Who will win in war between Nigeria and South Affrica taking into considerations external help from allies?
Who would win in a fight between Kratos and Asura?
Pick two. They will defend you. The rest is coming to kill you.
Everything changed, when the Fire Nation attacked the US!
Ozymandias vs Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Gaige the Mechromancer vs. Tony Stark, Iron Man?
Which country is the biggest possible Kickstarter for World War III?
Who would win in a battle between a raccoon and and a monkey?
Who would be victorious out of Troop of Common Chimps vs. Pack of Gray Wolves, and why?
Who wins the battle between Flash and Arrow?
If Captain America and Black Panther fought without the shield or suit, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Doctor Fate and Shazam?
If you shrink down Mayweather to Lomachenko’s weight class, and they fought, who would win, assuming that they are both fighting at their prime?
Who would win, Black Panther vs Spider-Man?
If the entire human race worked together WITHOUT ANY CONFLICTS what is the strongest combination of superheroes we would be able to defeat?
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs Tom Holland Spider-Man?
How would Batman defeat the Hulkbuster without using another armor suit?
Who would claim victory out of Star Fox vs Death Star I, and why?
In MCU, could Thanos beat King Maximus?
Who would win this war: Gentleman Ghost vs Phantom Rider?
26 Space Marines fight for WWII Japan
WWE: Who would win a fight between Shane McMahon and Bill Goldberg?
Who wins a 4-way race between Trump, Bloomberg, Sanders, and Rubio?
Which one would win in a fight, a Siberian tiger or a gigantopithecus?
Can Batman outmaneuver/outlast Punisher's long to mid-range arsenal in order to get close enough to end the fight or will the damage he takes undermine his ability to fight effectively?
I’m convinced the Gears of War bad guys would beat the Halo bad guys in a planetary war. Read this post to see if I can convince you. Who would win?
Who'd win, Guy with a sledgehammer vs guy with a shovel?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of A 3-way pokemon battle between your favorite grass-type starter, your favorite water-type starter, and your favorite fire-type starter, and why?
Who would possibly win a battle between Draco and Hermione?
Who would win this war: The Battle of Arts and Craft REDUX - Paper Mario vs Yarn Kirby?
Who would win in a fight between Neji and Sasuke, both pre-timeskip?
Who would be victorious out of Doomguy vs Lo Wang, and why?
Participation Trophy for May 2018 Week 4
Who would win a war between the greatest military strategist with an army of untrained civilians who are squirmish at the least sign of any type of hostility, or the greatest hand to hand combat warriors with no strategy?
Who would win this fight: Fox Cinematic Universe X-Men vs Hogwarts?
Who would win, Goku Super Saiyan Blue and Superman Prime One Million or Ultron, Apocalypse, and Darkseid?
What should the US have done to win in the Vietnam war?
Who would win in a war between the USA and the rest of the world?
Is there any chance of World War 3 against India by all nations? What if it happens?
The battle on Titan in Infinity War but with different characters, from different media.
Ken Kaneki and Akame takes on a Obscure/Indie Comic Book Characters Gauntlet: Who would win?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs Master Chief?
Who would win, Captain America vs. 3 great white sharks?
Crippled me vs various characters of your choosing
Who would win this combat: Floyd Mayweather vs You?
The Lord Ruler runs the Anime Gauntlet
Who would win in a fight between Twilight Sparkle and a Warhammer 40,000 Space Marine?
Who would win this duel: Saitama vs scion ---Worm spoilers?
Who would come out on top out of 10 ALLIGATORS OR 5 GORILLAS, and why?
Pikachu vs Yamcha: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a war between South America and Europe?
If a Jeremy Corbyn government started implementing Marxist or totalitarian policies, would the UK military intervene?
Who would win this punch-up: Superman, Wonder Woman, Batman VS Magneto, Sebastian Shaw, Apocalypse?
In a battle between Black Manta and Iron Man, who would win?
Who would win, The entire population of prisoners at Auschwitz as zombies VS The Guards and personnel?
Batman, in the Batmobile, must drive from LA to New York, with various movies plots happening in each state
If America hadn't gotten involved in WWII, what would’ve happened in the Pacific theater? I think the Soviets would’ve defeated Germany, but what about Japan? Would the Soviets wage war against Japan? Would they be able to win after fighting Germany?
Who would win an all-out war between Wolverine and Dracula?
Who'd win, brain vs brawn: batman with 3 month for prep vs superboy prime?
Who would win in a fight, Piccolo or Ichigo?
Who is the most powerful opponent John Hancock can defeat?
Who would win, Loki Suppressed or Natasha Romanova?
Who would win in a hand to hand fight, Master Chief or Iron Man?
Who would win a fight between Anbu Kakashi and Anbu Itachi?
Participation Trophy for May 2018 Week 3
Larfleeze vs The Justice Society of America: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would be victorious out of Fujitora vs. Killer Bee, and why?
Who would win in a total war between all Muslim-dominated countries versus all non-Muslim countries?
Megamind VS Lord Business: Who would win?
Is the U.S. the future battlefield of the fight between the "last human" and the "super human", as predicted by Nietzsche?
Who would win this punch-up: Motoko Kusanagi vs. Genji vs. Snake Eyes vs. Tenno vs. Ryu Hayabusa vs. Raiden?
Who would win, Botobai vs Ging Freecss?
Naruto vs Ichigo: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Jaguar vs African Crocodile?
Who would win, MCU Base Thanos or Yamcha?
How many Jaegers does it take to defeat the Eldrazi ?
Who'd win, A team of Nicktoons vs. The Universal Monsters?
As a child, Krillin's parents were slaughtered in front of him at the opera. Can Bat-Krillin beat Goku?
When Goku masters Ultra Instinct, is he stronger than Whis?
Who'd win, Robocop vs. Judge Dredd?
Who would be the winner out of Captain America vs the Wonder Woman movie, and why?
Would Batman vs Iron Man be a great and equal fight rather than Batman vs Superman?
Who would win in a fight, Loki or Ganondorf?
Who would have the edge out of Four Heavenly Kings vs Naruto Universe, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Captain America's team or Iron Man's team?
Weakest character that can this famous monster Gauntlet.
The Juggernaut vs. Wolverine, who would win?
If there was a football match between Tahiti and India, who would win?
What do the SS#s mean?
Who would win in a fight between Ant-Man and Batman?
Can Vermin Supreme become president if the Democrats pick him as their candidate?
Who would win in a fight between a master archer and a ninja?
Who would win, martian movie situation for real -- should we spend $x bn to save 1 guy vs saving/improving million lives on Earth?
What is the strongest fictional world that would lose a war with the real world?
Who would win, The Colossi VS The armies of Mordor?
Why do IBD/TIPP polls show that it’s a tight race if Clinton is considered easily winning?
Who would win this fight: Superman and Goku are suddenly normal humans in our world. Whose martial arts skill would win in a MMA fight?
As they are portrayed in the Iliad, who would win in a fight between Athena and Apollo and why?
Who would win in a war, the USA in 1995 or China in 2025?
Who would win out of A Grizzly Bear vs. A Giant Dog, and why?
Hypothetical: who would win, Dexter or Walter White?
Who would come out on top out of Woody vs Buzz Lightyear, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Rune King Thor and Cosmic Armor Superman?
Who would win in a fight, a fully leveled dragonborn or Genji?
Who would be the winner out of Kefka vs Marx, clowns of terrifying power, and why?
Who would win: Spiderman or Squirrel Girl?
Who would win a war between the Oklahoma Highway Patrol and the defense forces on Catalina Island?
Which would win in a battle between a ghost and a speeder bike?
In a fight between Superman and a Titan god, who would win?
Who would win, SS Blue Kefla or SSB3 Vegito?
Starfleet upgrades The Galactica. What is the strongest ship it can now defeat?
Who would win in a war between Spain and Portugal, presuming no intervention by allied states?
Daredevil vs Deathstroke: Who would win?
You with a Lightsaber and medium level Force powers vs. You with a Portal Gun and Long-Fall Boots vs. You with a custom Iron Man suit vs. You with whatever ring you got from the last question. Who would win?
Molecule Man versus '' Above All Others''- Who wins?
Hypothetically, who would win in a fist fight between Gordon Ramsay and Jon Taffer?
Who would win, King Thanos or Zeno?
How can I stop Genghis Khan from conquering my empire? I am the emperor of the Song dynasty and I need tips to defeat the Mongol army.
Who would win, Luffy or Sasuke?
Who would win, Gaara vs Lapis Lazuli?
If Darth Vader fought Chuck Norris, who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Spider-Man or Daredevil?
Who would win: Red Indian Apache versus Japanese Ninja?
Who would win in a war between Mongolia and Laos?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Dinosaurs Round 1: Ceratosaurus and co, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Itachi Uchiha and Batman?
Who would win, Superman, Batman, and Wonder woman vs Goku, Vegeta, and Frieza?
What is the common and easiest way to award or deduct everyone betting on one winner in a race, based on ranking results, where they can bet any amount and all racers have same probability to win?
Who would win a battle between the Silver Surfer and the Hulk?
If Narendra Modi and Kejrewal were in a marathon race, who would win?
Who'd win, Versions of you at age 10, 20, 35, 50, 80 and 100 battle to the death in a gladiator arena. Who survives and how?
BBC Sherlock investigates Presidential candidate Edward Morra
Who would win in a fight, Natsu Dragneel or Goku and why?
Hypothetically, in a war between ULFA, Naxals, Tamil Tigers, and Indian Mujahideen, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a Dacian warrior and a samurai?
Who would win, Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet vs an all-powerful 7 year old who keeps coming up with new superpowers for his imaginary friend?
Who would win between a division of modern soldiers, including tanks, logistic, and air support versus the entire Roman army during its peak?
Who would win in a fight: a bear or a gorilla?
Who would win this fight: Master Roshi and Whitebeard vs. Madara and Obito?
4 Sciencelusted Bill Nyes <VS> 2 Navy SEALs
What are the chances of WW3? I'm terrified.
How many anteaters would it take to defeat One Million Ants ?
Who would win this war: Bobcat vs Pit bull?
An extremely angry bull versus a bloodlusted silverback gorilla
Why did the Iraq war last so long?
Who would win if Batman fought Sakura Haruno?
Who would have the edge out of J.L.A. vs Avengers, and why?
Isn’t it suspicious that Germany is the most powerful European Country and could start WW3?
Who would win between Karate Kid and Batman? Assuming Batman has preparation for the first fight and none for the second?
Do you think that a big male leopard determined to fight could win against a lioness? If so or if not, why?
Who would win if Galactus and One-Above-All ever fought to the death?
Who would win out of Brown Bear Vs. Silverback Gorilla, and why?
A grizzly bear vs a bull shark on the moon: Who would win?
Who would win, 70 F-61 Trident Fighters vs 70 F-22 Raptors?
Who would win out of Zero VS Meruem & Royal Guards, and why?
What does Usain Bolt get whenever he breaks a record or wins a race?
If Superman, Link, Sonic, Mario and Alice Margatroid all fought to the death, who would win?
Would India have managed to win the 1971 war with Pakistan without secretly getting help from Israel?
Talion/Celebrimbor goes to other universes with Orcs in them and starts enslaving. How well does he do: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Frieza vs Sinestro?
Who would win in a fight, Green Lantern or Iron Man?
In a fight between Invincible and the Bio-Warriors who would win?
When Madara and Hashirama fought a second time during the 4th war, was it inaccurate for Hashirama to win because he fought Madara and Rinnegan?
Ghouls vs Vampires: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight between the Beyonder and Galactus?
Who would win, Team Edgar Wright vs. Team Quentin Tarantino?
If there was a fistfight between a Navy Seal and a Medieval Knight who would have a higher chance of winning?
Your Favorite Human Character vs Boxing Gauntlet
How was a Russian submarine able to infiltrate a U.S. fleet, including an aircraft carrier?
Who would win in a fight between a fisher cat and raccoon?
Who would win this match: Goku with Infinity Gauntlet vs JL and the Avengers?
Who would win in a war between Italy and Lebanon?
Who would win between 3 Knights vs 3 Pirates vs a Clam?
Who would win in a fight, a Kodiak bear or a Gorilla?
Who will win in a fight between Iron Fist and Colossus?
Are you more likely to become a professional race car driver in NASCAR, or win the lottery of over 100 million dollars?
Are Knights of the Vale the best warriors in Westeros? If you have to rate the Knights of the Vale and the Dothraki warriors on skill, who would win?
Who will win in a fight between Ser Arthur Dayne and Arya Stark?
Lucifer SPN Vs Lucifer FOX: Who would win?
Rocky Balboa is given the Super Soldier Serum and a single montage. Can he box The Terminator to death: Who would have the edge?
Hopelessness: 2 years back I was on track I was winning the rat race my grades were perfect I quit smoking took up running I had my life planned out but suddenly I was no longer interested everything seems out of place I've failed miserably in college nothing seems right what am I doing wrong?
What do you win as a second place finisher on The Amazing Race Canada?
What would have happened if World War 3 had been declared in 1989? Who would win, and how would it have happened?
Who would win, Kurse or Abomination?
Is my plan to win a 7 km race good enough?
Who would win this match: Ron Swanson vs. Teddy Roosevelt?
What would you do if WW3 happened today?
Strongest animal a human with a rapier can kill
Who would win in a fight without weapons? A current US marine or a Roman soldier?
It's a shapeshifter battle! Bartimaeus the Djinni, noble spirit of air and fire, VS the Martian Manhunter
Why was Napoleon considered a military genius when he made so many military blunders and was even defeated by Wellington? Did he deserve the title?
Who would win between Rayquazza and Weedle?
Alexander the Great vs. The Army of Isengard
If a war started between North Korea and China, who would win?
Who would win in a civil war between the north and south of England?
How many MMA fighters to take on a Fully Grown Bloodlusted Chimp
Is it possible for a human being to fight a lion and win? Either with bare hands or melee weapons, no guns.
Who would win, Avatar Korra vs Yang Xiao Long?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Lion vs Tiger, and why?
A full grown bloodlusted Grizzly bear spawns at a random time once an hour in the same room Batman is in. How long does he survive?
Assassin's Creed BATTLE ROYAL!
Who would win, Nihilus or Revan?
Entomology: In a fight between a spider and a lizard, over an insect, who would win?
What's the most foolproof murder that Sissel can undo, and how?
Who would win in a fight between Pre-Retcon Molecule Man and Franklin Richards?
Who would win in a cooking battle, between all the cook characters there are out there?
Civil War the 2016 Movie, If DC superheroes were to exist in the MCU, which ones would side with which team, e.g., Team Cap or Team Iron Man?
Who would win this punch-up: Nick and Judy vs Replicants?
At the beginning of Infinity War, Loki says "We have a...
How high will the stock BTGI rise if there is a World War III?
What would be our world, or European history if WWI had never happened?
Black Panther vs Rock Lee: Who would come out on top?
Who would win if the Six Day War happened today, with Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Iran joining the war?
Can a superhero you make up, based off of what you see next to you right now, defeat this anime family I made up?
How many deer would it take to beat a moose?
Who would win in a battle between Light Yagami and Darth Vader?
Who would win, Beyonder or Superman?
CNN's Wolf Blitzer gets into a knife fight with Fox New's Bill O'Reilly. Who wins?
Politics: Will BSP win with majority in UP assembly elections in 2017?
Who would win, Mike Tyson vs. his tiger?
Planet toast vs crazy brain: Who would come out on top?
Who would win out of Bane's smarts and tactical analysis is put into the brain of JJ Watt, and why?
Who would win, Jaune Arc vs Part 1 Sasuke Uchiha?
Who would win, Vincent from Collateral kidnaps Liam Neeson's daughter, Liam Neeson steals Agent 47's silverballers, Agent 47 kills James Bond's girlfriend, James Bond kills John Wick's dog, and John Wick has a contract on Vincent. Who gets out of this alive?
Who would win this duel: Barney The Dinosaur vs. Big Bird?
Who would win, Nigerian prince vs Wolf of Wall Street?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Superman?
Who is the strongest person Clark can beat?
Conan the Barbarian challenges Saxton Hale to physical combat for control of Mann Co. WWW?
All imaginary feats count. Who is the strongest they can beat?
Your favorite Mage or Magic-Empowered character does a Science Gauntlet.
I'd pay $20 for a racing app if it meant I didn't need to spend hundreds to win. Does any company make a car racing app that doesn't steal from you?
Who would win in a fight between an Aztec army and a mongol army led by Genghis Khan?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Jets & sharks vs bloods & crypts, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto, Aang, Luffy, or Natsu?
Featured Character: Tony Tony Chopper
Who'd win, Batman with a water gun vs. You with a gun?
Who would win in a fight, Talia al Ghul versus Naruto?
Who would win this fight: Doctor Octopus vs. The Symbiotes?
Who would win, Boba Fett vs Doctor Octopus?
Who would win this fight: Palpatine vs Doctor Strange?
Can Zapp Brannigan replace any historical army general and still win?
Who would win in an war between an an alliance of Egypt, Turkey and Iran and a coalition of the Nordic countries?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Winnipeg Jets vs. New York Jets, and why?
Who would have the edge out of DCEU Superman vs MCU Thor, Hulk, Loki, Hela and the Valkrie, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Ace or Charizard?
Who would win in an all-out war between Gotham's Oswald Cobblepot and Michael Scofield?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or my cat Lumen?
Who would win this match: Juvenile Skullcrawler vs. Indominus Rex?
Who would win in a fight between Muhammad Ali and a chimpanzee?
Who would win this combat: Flash vs Quicksilver?
Who would win, Zeno Zoldyck or "Phantom Troupe's Leader" Chrollo Lucifer?
Who would win in a war between a United African continent and the Middle East countries?
Who'd win, Santa Claus Vs. The Flash?
Liam Neeson kills Keanu Reeves’ dog.
Who would win in an all-out war between Peru and Ecuador? Would the war be long and protracted or short and relatively bloodless?
Who would win, Vulture+Sandman+Rhino VS Toad+Pyro+Blob?
Who would come out on top out of The worlds best fencer with a sword vs 2 average baseball players with bats, and why?
Who would win, Rhino with the Carnage symbiote vs The Thing with the Venom symbiote?
Who would win in a war between Mexican cartels and IS?
Who would win in a four way fight if all the people from every other Shinobi War fought each other including the Fourth War?
Who would win in a fight between a leopard and a lion?
Who would win in a fight, Captain America or the Human Torch?
Who would be the champion out of A fallout laser rifle, vs A Mass effect assault Rifle, vs A Halo battle rifle, and why?
Who wins in a battle between a black bear and a gorilla?
Among the victors of WW1 and WW2, who benefited the least?
Earth is a bar. There is a person that is every country inside the bar. WW3 breaks out in a fight. How the scenario play out?
Who would win in a fight, Charizard or Human Torch?
Who'd win, The Mask Vs. Deadpool?
Who would win, 1 lion vs 100 housecats?
Who would win One Punch Man Vs Goku?
Blue Thunder versus Airwolf: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight to the death between a physicist, a mathematician, a biologist and an engineer?
Through a freak cooking accident, Hank Hill acquires the powers of propane. Who is the strongest character he can beat?
My friend Jack vs. a full grown bull shark
The Fire Nation vs the Targaryens at the height of their rule: Who would win?
All superhero/villains with "Dr." in their name fused together Vs. Cthulhu
How many countries can the US count on if war breaks out?
Who'd win, Boba Fett vs. Rocket Raccoon?
Who would win in a war between Trinidad & Tobago and the Comoros Islands?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Cauldron vs Bat Family, and why?
Who would win in a fight between the Hulk and the Destroyer?
Who would win in a fight between three MMA fighters and one adult chimp?
Who is winning this tweet battle between two television stars?
If Anakin Skywalker fought every chicken on Earth, who would win?
What percentage of the world's population would be able to defeat an adult female golden eagle trained to hunt humans in a fight-to-the-death out in the open on the Mongolian steppe on a hot summer day, without a weapon?
Who would win, Aquaman vs Wonder Woman?
Who would claim victory out of Cole McGrath vs Delsin Rowe, and why?
Who would come out on top out of Po vs Tony Tony Chopper, and why?
How close were the Confederate forces to winning the American Civil War?
Who would win, Lord Boros vs Mureurm?
Bill the Butcher VS Immortan Joe
What is the deadliest martial art?
Who would win, Proxima Midnight vs Scarlet Witch?
Who can defeat... Mary Sue
Who would win this battle: Snake riding pig vs. snake riding ostrich?
Miami television free for all.
Who would win in a physical combat between Darth Vader and Sauron?
Who would win this combat: Quicksilver vs flash?
Who'd win, One single Krogan from Mass Effect VS. Rayman 3's Reflux the Knaaren?
What do you think about an epic fantasy/fiction tag team battle, round #1, Sauron/Voldemort versus Percy Jackson/Aslan? Who dies first? Who wins?
Who would win in a fight between Gothmog and Ancalagon the Black?
Who would win in a battle between the comic version of the Sentinels vs Ultron?
Who would win in a conventional war between NATO and CSTO?
Who would win this battle: T-Rex vs Gorilla vs Godzilla... suits?
If all African countries were to work together against all Arabic countries in a war, who would win?
What is the chance of human existence to win an interspace battle?
Future Humanity with 10k years of experience lording over other races in the galaxy vs Future Humanity with 10k years of brutal experience in a near hopeless war: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, Superman vs. Pissed off cat in a tree?
Which would win in a fight, Tie Advanced versus Tie Silencer?
What's the most likely result of giant centipede vs Brazilian wandering spider one on one?
What guns would you use for WW3?
Who would win in a fight, Strawberry Shortcake or the Terminator?
Why did Adolf Hitler launch Operation Barbarossa?
Who would win in a fight between Chaos King and Dark Phoenix?
Who will win a fight between Lion Jaguar and Tiger?
Who would win in a fight, Firestorm or Itachi?
Who would win if Stalin, Hitler, Churchill, Mussolini and Hirohito fought against each other using standard soldier equipment of that time?
What if the Ottoman Empire killed Peter the Great after they won the Pruth campaign of 1711? Would they capitalize on this by re-taking Azov by force rather than by treaty and then possibly spear-head a counter-attack into Russia?
Who would win, Lord Boros Planet Buster Roar Canon vs Saitama?
If Chuck Norris fought his own shadow, who would win?
Who would win, Cocotte vs Rozie?
Frank Underwood's Sentinel class ring is replaced with a Lantern ring of your choice. Who can he now beat?
Can Odin or Zeus defeat Galactus?
Who would win between Constantine and Ghost Rider?
Why might some Americans believe that their military is the strongest?
Who would win, Rational Man With A Shotgun vs Hordes of Angry Liberals?
Who would win in a fight between Don Draper and Walter White?
Mayonnaise vs ketchup: Who would be the champion?
How long would Luke Cage last in a fight with Hulk?
Bloodlusted Panda versus Bloodlusted Silverback Gorilla
Who would win in a fight, Brian Shaw or Mathew Fraser?
When two countries go to war, what happens to any debts owed between them? Are debts suspended, or do they continue to be paid?
Who would win gorilla or chimp?
Who'd win, Anakin Skywalker vs. Mace Windu?
Who would win, Sauron or Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet?
Mini Mario vs ant man: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight: Tyson x Spider? Why?
Who would win, Steven Hawking vs. Timmy?
Tier Ranking of Swordsman
Who do you think the Joker would prefer to see victorious in a fight between the Batman & Supernan?
Who would win in an eleven-way battle between the Doctors?
Who would win, Deadpool vs Old Man Logan?
Which one wins in a fight between a Ferret vs Chihuahua?
Can a gorilla break the neck of another gorilla?
Who would win this punch-up: Elsa vs Twilight Sparkle?
Who would win in a fight between Magneto and Hydro-Man?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Blue Beetle?
Asgore vs. Ganondorf . Who wins?
Who would win, Fire Vs Ice?
Who would win in a fight, Superman Prime or Zen Oh?
Would Richard Petty be able to win 200 races in today's NASCAR?
Partner cheating with a male versus a female: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, a Halo Flood or a Destiny taken?
What would happen if Jigsaw captured Clyde Shelton ?
Does All Might clear Man of Steel?
Who'd win, Olimar and his pikmin are scaled up to human size and replace the Avatar, can he stop the fire nation and save the world?
Who would win in a battle between 10 PT boats and a single Arleigh Burke class destroyer?
Who would win this punch-up: The cast of the Lion King reboot vs a pack of lions?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Zeus?
In a bloodlust match who would win, Superman or Shazam?
Who would win in a fight between Pinkie Pie and Thanos?
Waifu Guessing Thread
Can a hippo-sized tiger beat a hippo in a fight?
Who would win in a battle between a sun bear and a grizzly bear?
Would Thor, Hulk, and Dr. Strange be able to defeat the rest of the Avengers? How about other superhero teams?
Changes Coming to WWW - The CULLING
Who'd win, Street Sharks vs. Mummies Alive?
What city would survive an outbreak of this dinosaur fungus I made up?
Kublai Khan's fleet for Japan invaded Westeros
Who would win, Captain America: Civil War megathread - post all spoilers here and only here?
Who would be the winner out of Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson get tired of being pitted against each other on WWW, and decide to fuse. Who can beat Mike-hammad Ty-li, and why?
The Wet/Sticky Bandits, Harry and Marv wake up to find themselves, chained to a sink. Wondering how they got there, a television turns on they see a puppet and it says, "Do You Want To Play A Game?": Who would be the winner?
Weekly Off-Topic Discussion
Batman accidentally gets the power of killing anybody he terrifies. How does he protect the city of Gotham without breaking his no kill rule?
Can the Pope legally declare war on another country, and what would be the legal consequences of him doing so?
Who would win, Goku or Android 17?
Who would win, Ultra Instinct Goku vs Herald of Galactus Hulk?
Who would win in a street brawl: Quorra or Trinity? Why?
If Lord Ruler fought Darth Vader , who would win, and why?
Who would win in a single combat between the hound and the mountain?
Which of these countries would win if there was a war between them, Russia or USA?
Bitch gets Courage the Cowardly Dog at the beginning of the series. What changes?
Which would win in a fight, a saber tooth tiger or a present day tiger?
Who would win, Tony the Tiger vs the Kool-Aid Man?
Who would win, Thanos with Infinity Gauntlet or Emperor of Mankind from WH40k?
Who would win in a fight, Azula or Sailor Mars?
How strong could a bear theoretically become in the DC Universe?
Ultimate Team Battle: choose your heroes.
Fallout 3: President Eden is transferred to Liberty Prime via floppy-disk, can anything in the wasteland stop him from stomping out communism and burning away dissent?
Who would win a non-nuclear war between Iran and Turkey with no allies?
would you and five people fight a grizzly bear bare handed?
Who would win, The God Emeperor of Mankind is out on his Great Crusade, about to reclaim a human planet, when suddenly The Doctor shows up, and tells him this planet is under his protection?
In the History of Warfare, has fighting to the last man ever worked to win a Battle or War?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider vs the Spectre?
Who would win in a fight: Starkiller vs. Darth Plagueis?
Who would win in a battle between Indian Brazilians and Afro-Brazilians in Brazil, and why?
Ridley gains the ability to possess people by throwing a hat at them. What fictional universes could Ridley defeat now that he couldn't before?
Could you assemble a three-man team of legendary vampire hunters to take down an end-of-series Lestat de Lioncourt ?
The animals of Africa & Australia VS the animals North & South America. Who wins?
Who would win, Russia or China?
Who'd win, Black Cat Vs. Catwoman?
What's the racing game where you go from place to place, winning races and building up your car to defeat the end guy - it's an old game?
Apple iOS 9 versus Android Marshmallow: Which OS wins?
Who would win a fight between Captain America, Black Panther, and Batman?
can Obi-Wan Kenobi defeat Lord Voldemort?
If Obama and Hilary Clinton ruled the Tyranids since creation....
How many house cats would it take to kill an average man?
How would you compare Soviet and German tanks from Operation Barbarossa to the Battle of Kursk? How well do you think they evolved?
As a rogue, who'd be the most powerful?
Which superhero would be the best to randomly show up to an 8 year old's birthday party?
Who would win out of Biker Mice from Mars vs. Street Sharks, and why?
Fictional Hypothetical War: Who will win in a war between The US Army vs. The Decepticons?
Who would win out of Martian Manhunter vs. Professor X, and why?
GENESTEALERS!
An ant vs an ant sized Mike Tyson
Aztecs vs Sand people: Who would be the winner?
Can F1 cars win a race with Thrust SSC on F1 track?
Who would have the edge out of Teferi vs Black Panther, and why?
How many wars have India fought with its neighbours since independence and what was the outcomes?
In a lightsaber duel only, who would win in a fight, Ki-Adi-Mundi or Count Dooku?
Who would win, Garruk Wildspeaker vs. Aquaman?
Who would have the edge out of Road Rovers vs Thunder Cats, and why?
You vs prime Mike Tyson in a streetfight. But you can quicksave and quickload as many times as you please. How long does it take you to win? Who would win?
Who would win, Count Dooku vs Darth Vader?
Who would win in an arm wrestling competition: Superman or He-Man?
Who would win, Kratos Vs Ryu Hayabusa and Team?
Who would win, Superman vs Reign? Who is more powerful?
You have to create a "Cell" of your own exclusively out of real people/animals. What/who do you use, and who can your Cell defeat? Who would win?
What are some interesting facts about WWII?
Who would win, Antman or Superman?
Who would win, Jim Carrey with electric powers vs Joe Pesci with fire powers vs Kristen Stewart with ice powers?
Who'd win, 200 Great Apes vs 200 Canines?
If all of the main MCU villains met each other, what alliances would form and who would win an all out war?
In a war between India and Sri Lanka, would USA come to rescue Sri Lanka? Why/why not?
Pound for Pound champs
What can be the solution/s to the Israel-Palestine conflict?
Who would win this punch-up: The Z fighters vs the Avengers?
Are we heading to a world war?
Who will win in a fight between Sun Wukong and Thor?
Who would win in a full-scale conventional war, NATO or SCO?
An average sized male red kangaroo VS an average human male with a golf club
Who would win this battle: TIE Fighters vs. F-22 Raptors?
Who could defeat Courage the Cowardly Dog while holding Muriel hostage?
What is comparison between land combat efficiency and performance against US Armforces of Japanese in Pacific Theatres of World War II and Chinese in Korean War?
Who would win in a fight, Kid Goku or Kid Flash?
Who'd win, Mick Dundee vs. Mick Taylor?
Who would be the winner out of Blue from Blue's Clues vs. Clifford the Big Red Dog, and why?
Could a large gorilla win a fight against a black bear?
Who'd win, Slowest Character that can play Dragonforce's "Through the Fire and Flames" all by themselves?
Who would win in a fight between an average sized adult hippo and Gustave?
Who would win this punch-up: Average domestic cat VS average domestic dog?
Who would win this fight: IS-3 versus Tiger II?
Who would win if a Scout Ranger squad with Cold War weapons fought against a special action force with modern weapons in a forest terrain?
Who would win? A giant octopus versus a salt water crocodile?
Who would win, a Komodo dragon or a gorilla?
Which side will win in a battle between the White Walkers and Tao Ties?
G-Man vs. SHODAN in telling a bedtime story to a sleepy 5 year old: Who would have the edge?
Featuring The Order of the Stick!
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and Darth Revan?
Who will win in a war between Allies Forces and China?
Who would win, Kefla vs. Jiren?
What would win in a fight between a grizzly bear, silverback gorilla and a lion?
Hypothetical Scenarios: Who would win the US election - Barack Obama vs Donald Trump?
Who would win this fight: Goffu VS SuperThor?
Who would win, Kenai or Mor'du?
Who would win, A 5 man SEAL squad vs a Roman legion?
How do you protect your balls in a fight?
Will there ever be a WW3 in this or the next century? How would it be fought and who would stand victorious at its end?
Who would win: the best SAS/Spetsnaz Alpha special forces soldier against a UFC fighter on the street?
Who would win, Exar Kun vs. Darth Vader?
Who's the least powerful character that still qualifies as a "superhero"?
Animal Influenced Superhuman Hunger Games
Who would win, Shizuku and Franklin Bordeau vs. Baise, Ivlenkov and Shachmono Tocino?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Jesus Christ if Batman had prep time?
What would a second civil war in the United States look like if it occurred today?
In the Beyblade Metal Saga, who would win between Sakyo and Ryuga?
What is the best way to break up a fight between two dogs without hurting them?
If a komodo fought an alligator, which animal would win?
can Anakin, Ahsoka, Captain Rex, & ten troopers in the 501st take back the Ministry of Magic from Lord Voldemort and his army of followers?
Who do you think would win if all humans started to compete against each other until there was only one man standing?
Who would win a fight between Hawkeye and Bullseye?
Who would claim victory out of Kevin vs broken arms guy, and why?
The DBZ Universe attacks the DC Universe!
Spider-Man who summons spiders vs Batman who summons bats: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight between Nikola Tesla and Thomas Edison?
Who would win in a war between Ashwatthama and Indrajit? Why?
Who would win in a fight, Goten or Superboy?
If every species of animal gained human intelligence and wanted to conquer the world, what animal would be the most successful?
Who will win the battle between Naruto and Kakashi vs Sasuke and Orochimaru?
Who would win, MCU Spider-Man or DCEU Deathstroke?
Who'd win, DC and Marvel Battle of the Bands?
What's the purpose of World War III if it is predicted to wipe out humans?
Who'd win, Jiren vs Justice League Prime Earth comics?
Who would win, Seal team 6 VS Spartan 300?
Isengard vs Mordor: Who would win?
Who would win, 1000 Monkey with 1000 typewriters vs A butterfly flapping it's wings?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Bugs Bunny constantly pissing off the Hulk VS Superman Prime 1m, and why?
My brain can't even come up with a title or scenerio for this much awesome. Let's just say all these people end up at a metal concert and decide to very violently mosh. Who comes out on top?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs Martian Manhunter?
Out of all the animals on earth, which one would you rather fight the least? You have 24 hours to prepare for a battle in their home environment. Can you survive?
Diamond Dogs are tasked with stopping Latveria invading Hungary.
Who would win, Cassowary vs Ostrich?
Who would win? Emus or Drugs?
Why are Americans protesting? Should they not have protested on Trump nomination? Race, 1 looses & 1 wins, right? Shouldn't they accept it gracefully?
Who would win a fight between Mr.Clean and Sportacus?
Who would win, Batman vs. Tigress?
Who is the weakest character that can survive an onslaught on 50 Cheetahs?
What are the possible reasons that could cause World War 3?
Who would be the champion out of Ant-Man vs Hulk, and why?
Who would win this brawl: Batman with a Green Lantern Ring vs Batman with a Yellow Lantern Ring?
Who'd win, A kangaroo with Wolverine's healing ability vs 20 pygmy marmosets with proportional Spider-man powers?
Who would win, Toph Beifong or Azula?
Who would win if India and Pakistan fought? Would the result change if their respective allies entered the war?
Who would win in a battle between Thanos and Bill Cipher?
Who would win in a fight between the Flash and Hawkeye?
Has a World War III begun already in Syria? What could be the possible consequences?
Welcome to spoo~ky dice. Where the dice determines your fate. Will you roll?
If Alexander the Great was alive during the crusades, and fought on the side of the Crusaders, would the Christians have been able to win?
How would Michael Chong win the Canadian Conservative leadership race?
Courage the Cowardly dog vs Scooby Doo
Who would win this war: 5000 Dinosaurs vs US Military Base?
Who would win, Pink Diamond vs Kratos?
Who would win in a fight, crocodile vs moose?
Who would win this combat: Seal team 6 vs. the Wizards of Hogwarts?
An actual Eagle and Patriot face off in the Super Bowl Stadium
In a battle, who would win between Hannibal and Attila the Hun?
And in this corner, we have the BENGAL TIGER. And in this other corner, we have THREE BLOODLUSTED HUMANS!
If we put 20 guys armed with cold steel war hammers versus a gorilla, who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Treebeard or the cave troll?
Self-Aware Animals vs. Non-Self-Aware Animals: Who would be the champion?
Could a Republican like Brian Sandoval in neighboring Nevada win the California governor's race?
What Quoran would you partner with in a team ladder match vs Mayweather and McGregor, and what is your prediction for the outcome of this hypothetical fight?
Who would win this punch-up: Multiple battles of man vs animal?
Terminology
Who would win in a fight between a polar bear and a gorilla?
Who'd win, Composite Beerus vs Dark Schneider?
Who would win, A lion vs. a gorilla?
Who'd win, Megalodon vs Mosasaurus?
Who would win: orcs or elves?
Are the great powers preparing for WW3 or does no one actually want it?
Who would win in a Yu Gi Oh duel between Kaiba and Mai?
The Fox Marvel villains and the MCU villains versus the Fox Marvel heroes and MCU heroes: Who would come out on top?
Every character from Smosh's videos vs. every character from The Warp Zone's videos vs. every character from Skrillex's videos.
Who would win in a fight between a medieval knight and a Tyrannosaurus rex?
Who would win, A person with absolute control over fire vs a person with absolute control over ice?
Could Bruce Lee beat Daniel Cormier in a fight?
Pitbull vs pit bull: Who would claim victory?
Who would win - Aayla Secura or Ahsoka Tano?
Po runs a gauntlet
Could a Dire wolf kill a human?
Who would win: Darth Nihilus vs Darth Vader?
Who would win, Deathstroke vs Reverse-Flash?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Wolverine vs honey badger, and why?
Man Vs. Animals: Who would win in a fight to the death: ten men or a polar bear?
So my brother just posted this pic on Facebook, I told him this scenario is preposterous and that Thor and Hulk could dismantle them by themselves, I've come to the experts to settle the argument.
In a fight between an MiG-29 and an F-16, who is expected to win?
Who would win in a fight between an F-22 and another F-22?
Black Panther vs. Kingpin: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight, Vegeta or Zeus?
Who would be the winner out of Brock Lesnar vs 10 street thugs, and why?
Who would be the winner out of Ghost Rider Vs. Bibleman, and why?
Who could most efficiently kill a Googolplex amount of fire ants?
How powerful is the Ghost Rider?
What are the 5 most honest World War II films?
Who would win this brawl: Batman vs Black Panther?
If you were to organise fights between average individuals of each pair of every species, which one would win every fight or the most?
A 20 year old semiskilled boxer in great shape versus a 50 year old once world champion boxer that is in semidecent shape: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a battle to death between an unarmed man and 10 badgers?
Why do so many people ask questions about which superhero would win in a hypothetical fight?
Who would win in a battle between a wolf and 2 huskies?
Who would win in a fight between: Raven, Hulk, Batman, and Iron Man. Why?
I've Heard
In a battle you know you can't win, what difference does it make to fight until the end versus letting yourself die without resistance since the beginning?
A trillion great white sharks vs a single great-great-great white shark with a body mass equivalent to a trillion great whites: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Why did Krishna risk committing sin by entering combat against Bheeshma for a war between mortals?
Featured Character: Red One
DCEU Superman vs Mastered Ultra Instinct Goku: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Piccolo or Iron Man?
Who would win, Gorilla Grodd and Black Adam vs. Green Lantern and Batman?
Who'd win in a fight between a samurai with a baseball bat vs a street thug with a katana?
Who would win, MCU Hela Vs MCU Ebony Maw?
What is the function of the CSU and FP unit in BHEL, Jagadishpur?
If a feral cat were the size of a Bengal tiger, who would win a fight?
Zapp Brannigan has declared war on the Magic School Bus
Who would win, Hillary Clinton vs. Michelle Obama?
Who would win a fight between Khal Drogo and Daario Naharis?
Who'd win, A flock of hyper-intelligent crows driving a fully equipped M1 Abrams tank VS a hungry emu that can use SSBx10KK?
Who would win the match between Argentina men's football team and the US women's soccer team?
Who will win the 2016 U.S. presidential election, and why? Which party: Democrat or Republican? Which nominees are the most likely to win their party's nomination? How much will the gender or "race" of candidates influence the 2016 election?
Who would win, Thor VS Wonder woman?
How many cinematic superheros does it take to beat MoS superman?
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke or Gaara?
Who would have the edge out of polar bear vs. shark, and why?
Your favorite anime character vs your favorite video game character. Who wins in a fight?
WhoWouldWin's Best of 2015
The old lady who swallowed a fly runs an eating contest gauntlet
Who would win in a fight, Sans or Godzilla?
Who would win, Martian Manhunter vs The Green Lantern?
Who would win in a battle between 100 Xenomorphs and the US army?
Who would win in a fight between a kangaroo and a bear?
Who would win in a fight, Darkseid or Raven?
Who would win, Neferpitou vs Gon Freecss?
What do I have to do to win an American man?
Who would win in a fight, The Living Tribunal or Alien X?
Instead of running into 300 Spartans at Thermopylae, the Persian run into 300 Roman soldiers. How well do the Romans fare against the Persians?
"I want every gun we have to fire on that man". John Wick replaces Luke Skywalker in the final battle on planet Crait. Can he defeat Kylo Ren?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and the Phoenix?
Assemble a team of three to battle Superman INSIDE THE SUN!
Who would win this battle: Kratos vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a battle between the Death Star and the Planet Killer?
Who is the weakest character that could defeat a galaxy sized human?
What are the best hypothetical unused terror attack tactics you've thought up, such as setting fire to the GW bridge in NY with a tanker truck full of fuel to ruin traffic for decades?
Reptiles: If an alligator fought a crocodile, which animal would win?
Who would win in a fight between Hobgoblin and Spider Man?
Who would win in a war between the US, Canada and Europe vs Russia, China & the rest of Asia?
Who would win a fight between a Komodo dragon and a spectacled caiman?
Who would win this duel: Wolverine vs Inigo Montoya?
Who would win in a battle between Tails the Fox and Pidge Holt Gunderson?
In the MCU, who's the better combatant between Crossbones and Killmonger?
How would Batman lose to these characters?
Who would win if Vietnam goes to war with Indonesia?
Who would win, Frieza 4th Form or Goku and Vegeta?
Who would win, Zeno or MCU one above all?
What is your win-win tips for making family meals?
Modern Marines vs everyone in WW1, who would win?
Who would win a war between North Korea and South Korea?
Who would win, Bartolomeo d'Alviano/w Beatrice or Dante Moro?
Who would win, 1 crocodile Vs. 50 otters with rabies?
Who would win, Calamity Ganon or every Crystal Gem in Steven Universe?
How many Napoleon Soldiers does it take to take out a single Tiger Tank
Who would win in a fight: Smaug or Godzilla?
Who would win this duel: Newton vs Einstein vs Maxwell vs Faraday vs Tesla vs Hawking?
You are now a man; you are swift as a coursing river, have all the force of a great typhoon, have all the strength of a raging fire and are as mysterious as the dark side of the moon. Who can you now beat? Who would win?
Who would win this battle: Jurassic Park and Westworld open the same weekend. Which park does better?
Who would win: A mosasaur or a killer whale?
Who would win in this fight, Deadpool or Ant Man?
In a fight who would win: Legolas or Hawkeye?
How many 800lb spiders does it take to defeat a 400 ton German Shepherd?
Who would win, polar bear vs humpback whale?
Who would win, Spiderman and Batman switch places. Who fares better against the other's villains?
Every country's national animal battle royale
If there were to be a fight between Yoda, Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader all in their prime, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Spock and Luke Skywalker?
Who can stop Doctor Strange if he went rogue?
Who would have the edge out of Daniel Tiger vs. Katerina Kittycat vs. Prince Wednesday, and why?
Who would win, Aqua Man vs Namor?
Link Vs Cloud: Who would win?
Assuming no preparation, who would win in a fight between, Green Lantern, Hal Jordan, and Batman?
Why did Nazi Germany invade the USSR when it already had considerable trouble fending off enemy forces in Western Europe?
If the war between India and Russia breaks out, can India defeat Russia?
What are some of the greatest streaks in sports by athletes?
Who would win in a war between Native Americans and Africans?
Who would win a battle and how?
Who would win in a fight between Achilles and Aragorn through Tolkien's?
Who would win, vs South Korea, Japan and Taiwan in Syria?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Loki?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Superman?
What would happen if Russia declared war on Croatia?
If war happened between India and China and turned into world war, then who would win?
Who will win today's match, KKR vs. SRH?
Bruce Wayne runs for President of the United States. Can he get the nomination?
Who would win, Pre-Crisis Superman or Cosmic Armor Superman?
Who would be victorious out of One Punch Man vs Rick Sanchez! The strongest body meets the smartest brain, and why?
Who would win out of Ant man vs Hulk, and why?
Who would win, Tien Shinhan or Krillin?
Katy Perry runs a gauntlet
If there is a situation of conflict between Perseus, son of Zeus and Arjun, son of Indra, who would win?
Who would win this combat: Masayoshi Shido vs Greg Universe?
If Yahoo Answers and Quora fought a war, who would win?
The Joker vs Lex Luthor: Who would be the champion?
Who would win out of Movies and TV Off Topic discussion and all that stuff, and why?
Did Alexander the Great really lose a battle in India, or retreat?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and the rest of the Justice League combined?
What are the best techniques to not harm your hands in a fight?
Pissed off Brock Lesnar vs The Rock and The Mountain
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Superman?
Who'd win, Cad Bane vs Star Fox?
Why did MIT/Broad win the CRISPR patent battle?
If Natsu fought Ghost Rider, could he win just by eating the flames?
Overwatch free-for-all
Who would win, Saitama or Future Trunks?
Who would win in a race, Superman, Sonic, Quicksilver, Flash , Goku, Minato, or Reverse Flash?
Who would win, Real Life peak human vs Newborn African Elephant?
Your five favorite water based characters vs D-Day
Who would win, Thor vs Rune King Thor?
Who will win in Defensa Y Justicia versus Independiente Argentine Division 1?
If nuclear war broke out, what would happen to the workers in the Pentagon and SAC?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight: Brienne of Tarth or Gregor "The Mountain" Clegane?
Who would win a fight between Odin, Zeus, Lucifer and Beerus?
Who would have the edge out of Rhino vs. Gorilla, and why?
Optimus Prime, Captain America, and Superman run for president in the 2016 election: Who would win?
Godzilla vs Mega Shark and Giant Octopus: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this punch-up: Killer Croc, Lobo and Bane vs The Thing, Rhino and Blob?
Who'd win, Wolverine/Honey Badger vs Adult Cougar?
Who would win in a fight between a Pug and a Chihuahua?
Every major pop star from the last ten years engages in a fight to the death. They can only fight using objects, weapons, etc from their music videos.
Who would win this fight: Imperial Stormrooper vs Star Trek Redshirt?
Should I learn sales or programming? If sales and programming fought to the death in a parking lot, who would win?
Who will win in a fight between TOAA and Dormammu?
Who would win this battle: Composite Vampire vs Composite Werewolf?
Who would win - Darth Maul vs Darth Revan?
Who is the strongest faction, group or character Desperado could take on?
The Armies of your favorite general, historical or fictional, have been replaced in entirety by Despicable Me Minions. How well does your general fare now: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Jiren vs the Marvel Universe?
Who would win this match: New California Republic vs. North Korea?
Bear Grylls vs Gordon Ramsey in Grilled Bear Kitchen Nightmares: Who would have the edge?
Achilles vs Cu chulainn: Who would be the victor?
Which would win, the first order vs the Empire?
Ryu vs. Liu Kang: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win - 10 humans or 1 wolf?
Who would win, Feitan vs Akame?
Who would have the edge out of Deathstroke and Gorilla Grodd VS Sabretooth and Juggernaut, and why?
The turtles face off against one another.
Who would win in a fight, Magneto or Beerus?
Would it be possible for an American politician to win a presidential race using only YouTube?
What is the difference between combat and war?
Who'd win, WWW Water 7/CP9 arc Luffy vs Dark Tournament Yusuke Urameshi?
Who would win in a fight, Zeno or One Above All?
Who would win in a fight, the HMS Thunder Child, Bismarck, Yamato, Vanguard, 10 Spanish three-decker galleons, 5 giant squids, or 5 megalodons?
Who would win a battle between the unified Mongol horde of Genghis Khan and a modern US Marine infantry battalion?
Who would be the champion out of A honey badger vs. a gremlin, and why?
Who do you think would win, Zarathos or Thor with Stormbreaker?
Who would win in a war, Japan or South Korea?
Test my protagonist - Strongest characters she can beat?
Blade replaces Buffy in Buffy the Vampire Slayer how does he do?
Who would win in a fight, a squad Deathwatch or a squad Greyknight?
Who would win in a fight between DIO and MCU’s Dr. Strange?
Who would win, Pre-Retcon Molecule Man or Pre-Retcon Beyonder?
Who would win in a fight, Hellboy or Garnet?
Special Marvel/DC challenge for the JLA.
Who would win in a street fight: Shaolin monk or a professional Krav Maga fighter?
Who would win this duel: Fox's Magneto vs Marvel Studios Ultron?
A Dragonborn soldier invades Omaha Beach in 1944... by himself
Lex Luthor discovered a method to completely negate Batman's grappling hook precisely once. Can he use this secret to finally kill The Bat?
Who would win, Saitama and Boros vs Saiyan Saga Vegeta and Nappa?
Who would win a war between Cambodia and Malaysia, if they were neighbors?
The Night King vs. The Lich King: Who would win?
You now have the reaction time and speed of a fly. What is the strongest animal you could defeat? Who would win?
The most formidable predators on each continent duke it out. Who wins?
If Starfire and Raven got in a fight, who would win?
Strongest character the Injustice 2 roster can beat?
Who would win in a fight between Damien Darhk and Zoom?
Did the Axis Powers win any major battles after 1944?
Which dinosaur would be the best one to ride into battle on?
Who would win this duel: Light Yagami vs Ovuvuevuevue Osas?
Who'd win a modern-day war between the UK and Ireland?
Who would win outside a MMA ring or octagon, a MMA fighter, or a Self Defense instructor?
What are the solutions to preventing World War III?
Who would win a war between: Israel, North Korea, Hogwarts, the EU, Batman, Superman and Goku?
A Polar Bear vs a Bull: Who would come out on top?
Anakin Skywalker is killed in his battle with Obi-Wan Kenobi on Mustafar. Palpatine seeks out a new apprentice: Jar Jar Binks!
Who'd win, Star Trek VS Mass Effect?
Nationalism: What is the reason that Romanians and Hungarians don't give up on their useless fight between them?
Can the Ghosts of Christmas convince Dr. Doom to spread his wealth to all the citizens of Latveria?
Blue the raptor vs Ceaser the ape
What would a conventional war between the US and Russia look like?
Who would win, Kratos or Faye?
Assemble a team of the most powerful Marvel characters versus a team of the most powerful DC characters . Who are they, and who wins?
Who would win, Lobster vs. Crab?
Deadpool vs the Winter Soldier: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this combat: Ben Tennison vs Alex Mercer?
Does "Hayate the Combat Butler!" have a good romance between the main characters?
Who would win this combat: Doomsday vs SCP 682 with a catch?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Vampires from 30 Days of Night vs Blade, and why?
Who will win in a battle between the original Justice League of America and Galactus?
Who would win this battle: A chopper loaded for bear vs. A chopper loaded with bears?
The White Whale vs. Monsters from Monster Hunter: Who would claim victory?
The jedi, at the start of episode II, adopt the rule of two. Who would win?
Who would win in a battle of wits between Olivia Pope and Harvey Spectre?
Agent 47 becomes a subsitute Teacher in Assasination Classroom
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Zeus?
Who would win, Hannibal vs Sherlock?
Who would win in a war between an army of Mongol horde/warriors versus an army of medieval British knights?
Who would win this punch-up: A great white shark or a dragon? Must settle this argument?
In a battle to the death between Namikaze Minato and Bardock , who would win? How would the battle differ if Bardock could ascend?
Who would win, Billy Batson or Shazam?
A polar bear versus a Tiger: Who would be the winner?
Dragonborn vs Talion: Who would come out on top?
Your favorite character adopts and raises a child with one random superpower. Who's the strongest they can beat?
Who would win, Ladies And Gentlemen, welcome to the battle royale?
Who would have the edge out of Xzibit in a pimped out/war equipped monster truck vs 6 roided elephants, and why?
G.I. Joe members Duke, Snake Eyes, and Storm Shadow vs a team of Batman, The Punisher, and Ryu Hayabusa....who wins?
Who'd win, Legolas vs. Hawkeye vs. Green Arrow vs. Katniss in an all out death battle?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between WW2 Chinese nationalist forces and WW2 Italian forces?
If I was forced to fight for my country if we went to war, would I get paid for it?
Who would win, Silver Banshee vs Captain Cold?
Which of these Marvel Villains could give Wonder Woman the best date?
If aliens and robots had a war, who would win?
How many Thing 1 & Thing 2 would it take to take down The Thing ?
Who would win this match: US Seal team gets the 1 Ring from Lord of the Rings and must take it from the Shire to Mt. Doom in Mordor?
Who would win in a fight between Odin and Superman Prime?
2 Brotherhood of Steel Paladins vs 6 US Navy SEALS: Who would have the edge?
General Grievous vs Black Panther: Who would be victorious?
Who would win if the NYPD fought the People's Army of Vietnam in an all out war?
Fox McCloud
Who would win, Super Saiyan Rose Goku Black vs Immortal Future Zamasu?
Kaneki from Tokyo Ghoul vs Natsu from Fairy Tail: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Terminator vs. RoboCop?
Who in Naruto wouldwin the most fights purely off speed?
Who will win in a fight between Iron Fist and the Blob?
Who would win in a war between Westeros, Mordor, Azeroth and WWII-era Earth?
Who would win in a war between Nigeria and Bulgaria?
If there were a war between the United Kingdom and Japan, who would win?
How do I defeat the USA in WWIII?
How do you plan to survive WW3?
Who would win in a three-way fight between Sasuke, Sakura, and Naruto?
Who would win : Heavy weapons guy or Soda popinsky ?
realize that they don't have enough men to stop Thanos , Black Panther call in the Vers Empire for help
Grand Admiral Thrawn takes control of the Imperial Navy from Warhammer 40k. How well does he do?
Who would win this brawl: Fox X-Men vs Thanos?
How might the outcome of the Great War be affected had the French mounted a full scale attack through Belgium instead of the Germans?
Who'd win, Batman vs DC detectives?
2012 U.S. Elections: Are there any SuperPACs that are focused on helping the Democrats win Congressional and Senate races?
Who would win this brawl: Catwoman vs. Catman vs. Wildcat vs. Black Cat vs. Black Panther vs. The Cat?
You vs. an absolute Gauntlet but every time you die you get 10% strong, faster, agile, etc. How many deaths to beat each round? Who would win?
If Christian Bale's Batman fought Ben Affleck's Batman, who would win and why?
Who'd win, Devil Dinosaur vs. Tigra, Meriem Cooper, and John Carter?
Who would win: the Empire or the Avengers?
Who would win in a fight; Iron Man or Megaman?
Who'd win, KRATOS THE WAR GOD VS THANOS THE MAD TITAN?
Who would win this fight: Po Vs MCU?
Aang the Avatar vs Superman, Batman, World War Hulk and Goku: Who would be the winner?
Everyone Twilight Zone character that has ever been on the show has a mortal combat tournament.
Comic Conversation for 9/2/2015
Who would win in a fight, Poseidon or Neptune?
Who would win this fight: Metal Bat vs The Great Angel?
Who would win this match: Me vs the rest of this sub?
Who would win this brawl: 87 googolplex lions VS saitama?
If Britain and France went to war who would win?
Who would win in a war between Japan and North Korea without any outside intervention?
All Might vs Mr. Incredible
What if wars were replaced with 1v1 fights between heads of state?
Who would win, Captain Kirk vs. Commander Riker?
Who would win in a battle between Sauron and Eonwe?
Who would win in a fight between a fox and a cat?
Who would have the edge out of John wick vs Jason Bourne, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Lord Voldemort?
Who'd win, Saitama vs Vegeta?
What if a round from the Nazi Schwerer Gustav Rail gun scored a direct hit on the center of the super carrier Enterprise, with its armor piercing round? What about its high explosive round?
Could Russia and China conquer the world if the US was taken out by an EMP in the event of a war?
Who would win, Bear Grylls vs Pandora's forest?
Who would win a fight between Darkseid and Thanos?
What if Aerys accepted the trial by combat? Who would have won in a fight between Kingsguard and brandon?
Who do all the Harry Potter and Mortal Instruments fans think would win in a battle between Hermione Granger and Clary Fray?
Why was Leningrad under siege for so long?
Who would win, Darkseid vs Atrocitus?
Who would win, Kratos and Wonder Woman vs Batman and Batgirl?
A T-Rex swallowed some Xenomorph eggs....
The Fantasy Draft
How powerful is Smaug compared to other dragons of Middle Earth?
If war broke out between the blue and red countries, who would win?
A theoretical war breaks out between 3 factions, each respectively composed of biologists, physicists and chemists. Who would win?
Who would win in a war between the left side of Greenwich and the right side of Greenwich?
What are some differences between a real life combat and a portrayal of combat in Arma 3?
Who would win, Jemm vs Martian Manhunter?
Who would win in a real fight between Boa and Python?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Rocky Balboa vs Inigo Montoya, and why?
Who would win out of OP Batman vs a shitton of bloodlusted tigers, and why?
Have you ever been in a fight with a classmate?
Off Topic Questions and Discussions: Television and Movies 4/17/15
Who would win, Milo Murphy vs Johnny Thunder?
Daniel Keem vs. Stomedy in a boxing fight: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, DCEU Superman vs MCU Thanos in a Punch Off?
Who would win this combat: Real life peak cheetah vs Captain America in a race?
In a fight between the Asgardians and the New Gods, who would win?
Who would win, Ozai vs. Aquaman?
Who would win this fight: Kamijou Touma vs Tornado Tatsumaki?
Can Japan beat China in a war?
What do you guys think of that amazing hand-to-hand combat scene between Cap and Bucky in Captain America 2?
Who would win, Harry Potter vs. Luke Skywalker?
How did ancient warriors handle PTSD?
Who would win this fight: FLCL vs. Scott Pilgrim?
Who would win this combat: Wonder Woman vs. Thanos?
Who is the weakest character that could single handedly defeat the ghost army from The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King?
Where is the worst place to live? Mega-City One, Airstrip One or North Korea?
Who would win in a fight between the Rock and Connor McGregor?
Who would win, adult Superboy or Bizarro in his first appearance?
Who would win in a fight, Black Panther or Aquaman?
Flash vs Flash: Who would be the victor?
Who would win this duel: DCEU Superman vs MCU Winter Soldier?
Ant-Man Vs. Mt. Lady: Who would be the winner?
How many fully equipped and perfectly supplied Roman legions from Trajan’s time would be needed to conquer modern day Tunisia? Assume Roman logistics stay perfectly intact and they’re invading over land from both east and west.
Can Hillary Clinton still win the presidential race?
Defiant vs Rand al'Thor in close combat: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight between Spawn and Deadpool?
Do you think Israel would be the reason for World War 3?
Is World War III possible in twenty years?
Can Deadpool beat Thor?
Will the Syrian crisis spark WW3 or a nuclear war, and are the nations involved willing to start it first?
Who would win, Boxer vs Raptor?
A Hercules beetle the size of an large African Elephant has to fight several dinosaurs, here they are.
Who would win in a fight between Surtur and the Grand Priest of DBS?
Who would win this battle: Legolas VS T-Rex?
Who would win a fight between Joker and Chanakya?
Who would have the edge out of African Elephant vs. Black Rhino, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Kratos vs Thanos?
King Hippo vs. Batman in a boxing match
What is the fastest animal Michael Phelps can beat in a swim race?
Who would win a war between Yemen and Oman? Why?
Who'd win, Spartan 117 vs MCU Avengers?
If nuclear war starts between India and Pakistan, which will win that war? What will be advantages and disadvantages of that war?
Captain Falcon vs Pidgeot: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight between John McClane and Ethan Hunt?
Who would win in a fight Barney Stinson, Barney Gumble, or Barney the dinosaur?
Who could be strong enough to casually backhand a bloodlusted God Emperor of Mankind into total submission?
Who will win a fight between Hulk and Captain America over a donut?
How would a battle between Spartans and Aztecs play out at the peak of each civilization and on a neutral battlefield? Who would win?
What is the difference between 1962 India who fought with China and today's? Do we stand a chance to win against China?
Who would win, Red Hood vs Nightwing?
Who wins in a battle between Spider-Man and Deadpool?
Who would win, Vampire vs. Demon?
What are the least powerful fictional artifacts, weapons or armour Goku could aquire to turn some of his losses into victories?
What would happen if a race like the Zerg or the bugs from Starship Troopers invaded earth? Could humanity defeat them?
Who would win, "Apostle of The Goddesses" Elizabeth Liones vs the 3 Elder Druids?
If a global war broke out between the koala bears and the sloths and their respective allies, who would win? What would humanity look like after such an apocalyptic event?
Every superhero from the MCU vs a team of 5 dragons
Who would win a war between Hindu gods and Greek gods?
If all countries fight with each other, who will win?
Who would win in a fight: the USS Enterprise or a generic Star Destroyer?
How strong of a comic-book Hulk could 100% All Might defeat?
Who would win this fight: Samus Aran vs. Motoko Kusanagi?
Black Panther vs Drax The Destroyer: Who would be victorious?
How many wonder women does it take to beat Thor?
Who will win, Dino Hitler versus Robo-Trump?
Who would win, 1 Promethean Crawler or 1 Promethean Knight?
Phoenix Wright vs Rocky Balboa: Who would be the victor?
Who would win out of Green Arrow, The Flash, Supergirl, The Atom, White Canary and Firestorm versus Hawkeye, Iron Man, Scarlet Witch, Ant Man, Black Widow and Vision, and why?
Who would win, WWW Simba and about 12 Lionesses vs Scar and ~60 Hyenas?
Who would win, Daleks or Ultron?
Who would win, Hannibal Lecter Vs. Dexter Morgan v2.0?
Who would win in a fight between Mongul and the Red King? Why?
Who would win, The entire Star Trek universe vs. the entire Star Wars universe?
Heaven Ascension Dio now has the power of all other main jojo villains, who is the weakest character who could beat him?
Madara Uchiha vs One Piece: Who would be the victor?
Captain America v Iron Man: Dawn of Civil War
Who would win, Rumsshi or MCU Thanos?
If Saudi Arabia and Israel went to war, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Indian Quorans and American Quorans?
Who would win a fight between an orangutan and a chimpanzee?
Pound for pound, which dog breed is the strongest?
Who is the weakest character who could defeat a feats-only Judeo-Christian God?
Who would win this brawl: Wei Shen vs Rama?
If you had to predict the next major war, which two major countries would start it?
Is World War 3 guaranteed to happen? If so, how would the war itself begin?
If fought again today, could Australia win the Emu War?
Who would win this punch-up: Belgarion vs Eragon?
Will Sanders drop out of the race if Clinton wins Nevada, SC, and sweeps the Super Tuesday states?
Who would win, Post-Crisis Superman or Pre-Crisis Superman?
Featured Team: The Hero Club
What the Internet thinks Gabe Newell is like vs. What North Korea thinks Kim Jun Un is like.
Lightning vs Raiden
Would Voldemort or Jason Grace win in a fight?
Who would win in a war between dolphins and humans?
What would happen to the United States if all of our GPS satellites were suddenly shot down?
What if Italy won the Battle of Caporetto?
Jak from the Jak and Daxter trilogy VS Ratchet from the first three Ratchet and Clank games: Who would come out on top?
Who'd win, Leatherhead vs Bigby Wolf?
Who would win a war between India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh, vs China, South Korea, and Japan?
How might the alliance system lead to a large war in Europe?
How do you paralyze your opponent temporarily in a fight?
Current Steve Rogers leaves SHIELD and he goes into politics. Cap then gets enough of a following to run for president and makes a serious run at the position. Can Donald Trump successfully stain Cap's war record and how: Who would be the champion?
Frisk gains a Green Lantern Ring. Who is the strongest person that could defeat them?
Who would win, Genos vs. Deep Sea King?
Who would win if Sinestro fought The Mandarin?
Who would win in a fight, Toph or Terra?
Who would win, Android 17 vs Jiren?
Who wins, between a Nazi Waffen SS officer and a Roman legionnaire?
Who would win this combat: Master Chief + Spartans vs. Space Marine?
Featuring Geralt of Rivia
Who would win in a race, the Flash or Minecraft Steve?
Who would win in a fight between Itachi and Naruto if they are in their prime?
Who would win this war: Everyone here must mind-swap with a chosen zoo animal. Which species can escape and evade capture the longest?
Stephen Hawking vs. Davros, in a battle of chess: Who would have the edge?
If someone robs my house and my dog mauls them, am I liable?
Who would win in a fight between an alien, a predator, and a terminator?
Your school vs. an army of silverback gorillas
11 baseball players armed with bats vs 11 chefs armed with cutlery: Who would win?
Tracer Vs. Scout: Who would be victorious?
Every Superhero and Supervillain **Ever**, with a few limitations, gets into a no-holds barred free-for-all.
Who'd win, Team Brains vs Team Brawn?
Who will win the fight between Navel and DC?
How many five year olds could your favorite character take in a fight?
All animals turn on humans without warning.
Cyclops, Nightcrawler, Wolverine vs Aang, Korra, Toph: Who would be victorious?
The protagonist of the last book, game and movie you read/played/watched fight to the death. Who Would Win?
Strongest opponent that a Brown Bear sized Wolverine could defeat
Who would win, MCU Hulk vs Angron from Warhammer 40k?
Knight vs ufc fighter/navy seal: Who would be the winner?
Why did the US support the USSR instead of Finland?
Who'd win a fight between Thor, Hulk, Wolverine, and Collosus?
Hypothetically, what do you think Quora school would be like?
Why Super Saiyan gets abbreviated with a J in it Vs. why Shazam and Black Adam have the same powers from different gods in a contest of which question I should be more embarrassed to ask nerds
Who would win, Indominus Rex vs Beast Boy?
Who would win this brawl: Katniss Everdeen is in The Hunger Games against a ferrel woman raised by tigers with the strength, speed, stealth and predatory skill of the most deadly large felines. Can Katniss beat Catness?
If 1 million randomly selected men fought 1 million randomly selected women, both armed with only the clothes on their back and no outside assistance, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Superman and Luke Skywalker?
Who would win, Beerus vs Deadpool?
Who would win in a fight, a terminator or a Necron? What would happen if earth was a tomb world that awakened the height of Skynet’s power?
Who would be the victor out of United Kingdom and France vs Japan and Korea, and why?
What will win: a colony of fire ants or a colony of bullet ants?
Who would win out of Kylo Ren vs. Wally West, and why?
If China starts a war, will the entire India get destroyed?
How many velociraptors will be needed to take down one Predator
Punisher with the Mandarin’s rings vs Sinister Six: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight: 100 billion lions or the sun?
What would win in a fight? A hoplite or a long swordsman?
When a modern infantry soldier with a fixed bayonet rifle fights against medieval swordsman, which one would win?
Who would win in a battle between Karna and Aswathama?
What Marvel character would win in a fight between Colossus and the weakest incarnation of the Hulk?
You have two leaders to run the U.S.A. as a "president" and two leaders alone: Joseph Stalin or Adolph Hitler; who would you vote for in 2020 and why?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Batman?
Who would win in a fight, a silverback gorilla or Hafþór Björnsson?
Who would win this duel: Batman vs Clifford the Big Red Dog?
Who would win, Old Kai Gowasu or Old Kai?
What can I do? I played the PA lottery with a coworker for a long time. We had an agreement we would split winnings if either hit. We shook on it, and it seems he has hit, and has disappeared.
Who wins, Bruce Wayne versus Black Widow and Hawkeye together in an unarmed combat?
Who'd win, Lucille Ball and Badger vs 8 honey badgers?
Does Adrian Fenty have any chance of winning the Democratic primary for the DC mayor's race?
Who would win, Wonder Woman from her latest movie vs General Zod?
Who would win, Limit Breaker Goku vs Jiren?
If a suburban person that ran 5km regularly raced Usain Bolt over 5km, who would win?
How would China react if India was winning a war against Pakistan?
If Russia fought all of NATO excluding the US , who would win?
If an all-out African war was to happen, who would win?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Nova or Binary? They are both hell-bent on killing each other and are in their most powerful form.
Who would win, Wei Shen vs. Every GTA Protagonist since San Andreas?
Who would win, Rebels Darth Maul vs ROTS Count Dooku?
Who will win a 'naval' war between Russia and China?
Who would win, The best MMA fighter vs. the best Navy Seal/CIA Agent/FBI Agent/NSA Agent?
Natsu Drageel VS Fire Fist Ace: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Beowulf vs Bigby Wolf?
You vs deer Who would win?
Who would win if there is a battle between a class 5 mutant such as Jean Grey and one of the predators?
Who'd win, Mongol Horde vs. Five Armies from The Hobbit?
Who would win in a fight between a silverback gorilla and a crocodile?
Can Thanos beat full-powered Jiren?
Who would win this brawl: Black Panther vs The Vulture?
Off Topic Questions and Discussion for 21/2/2015
Puppymonkeybaby vs Manbearpig: Who would be the champion?
Great Superhero Pile-Up!
If Thanos was dropped into your favorite universe, how would he do?
Why didn't Goku win?
Who would win in a battle between Rock Johnson and a honey badger?
Who'd win, War Machine vs. The Prototype?
Who would win a fight between Emil Blonsky, the Abomination and Doomsday?
Which country would win if there was a 3rd world war between India and Pakistan?
Who'd win, Broly vs Super Perfect Cell?
If Deontay Wilder and Anthony Joshua fought right at this very moment, who wins?
Can any country win a war against India?
How many Space Marines would it take to conquer Coruscant circa 1 ABY?
An all-out-brawl between one of each land animal in the world, but their sharp body parts are now plasma blades
Who wins in a fight between SSJ 3 Goku and LSSJ Broly?
Who would win in a fight between Neo and Aladdin?
The Anti Justice League vs The Anti Avengers: Who would be the winner?
FARCRY 5 Eden's Gate cult Vs. /pol/ and /k/: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Spider-man rogues vs. The Red Lotus?
Of all the tech entrepreneurs you know, who would win in a fight?
Who will win in a war between Bolivia and Paraguay without nukes and any outside intervention?
Who would win the football match between Spain men's football team and Japan women's football team?
Cinematic Superhero Tourney: Round 1
Who'd win, Heavyweight UFC fighters VS Bloodlusted Siberian Tiger?
Who'd win, Gaara vs. Red Tornado?
Who would win this brawl: Race around the world: Speed Racer vs Lightning Mcqueen vs Tom Slick vs Professor Fate vs Batman?
Walter White v Willy Wonka
Who would win: 5 wolves vs 5 chimpanzees?
Could the formation of Kurdistan trigger a major war, or WW III even?
Who would win this battle: Captain America with Black Panther as his shield vs the Winter Soldier with Colossus as his left arm?
Your country has somehow defeated America in a war. What peace terms will you impose on them?
Who'd win, Last 5 Republican Presidents vs. Last 5 Democratic Presidents?
Thanos vs Justice League: Who would win?
Which plane between MIG21 and F15 is more effective in close combat?
Your Reddit Karma is now your power level. What's the strongest verse you could solo?
Who would win a battle between Elsa and the Elite Penguin Force if both sides had full access to their resources?
The Dragonborn vs the Hunter: Who would be the champion?
Every statue on earth comes to life and must battle each other. Who wins?
How would a full scale war look like between the UK and a combined coalition of EU members?
A jaguar vs. a silverback gorilla, which one would win in a fight?
What are the top 5 best fighters in Marvel and DC combined?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Iron Man?
Who would win, Guile vs Son Goku?
In a battle between the Gurkhas and the North Vietnamese Army , who would win?
How long would a modern day Abrams last against waves of M4 Shermans, Tigers, and T-34s from World War 2?
Who would be the champion out of Anakin Skywalker vs Mjölnir-less Thor, and why?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between Turkey and Egypt?
Who Would Win This INSANELY EPIC SUPERHERO Battle? Team 1 or Team 2?
If there would be a cricket match between top 11 ICC batsman vs top 11 ICC bowlers, Who will win?
Lebron James v. Michael Jordan in games other than basketball
Who would win in a fight, Dante or Hulk?
All Might gets a Green and Blue Lantern power ring. Who is now the most powerful enemy he can beat?
Who would claim victory out of Air Nomads vs Water Tribe vs Earth Empire vs Fire Nation, and why?
Who will win if there is war between India and Pakistan in 2018?
Donald J Trump v. Vice President Joe Biden
Who would win in a fight, Steven Universe or Robin?
Who would win a war between Russia and Israel fought in Syria?
Who would win, Serina's Bison vs Kisano's Cyclops?
In a hypothetical battle between Indrajeet of Ramayana and Bhishma pitamah of Mahabharat who is more likely to win?
Thanos 616 vs pre new 52 superman and buu arc goku
Who would be the champion out of Arlong vs the Shark Fighter, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Kid Naruto or Aang?
Who would win, Adam Taurus vs Winter Schnee?
Iceman gains full control over the temperature spectrum, granting him equivalent control over Fire up to big bang temperature heights while keeping his Ice feats. Who's the strongest person he can defeat?
Who would be victorious out of Bobobo-Bo-Bobobo vs One Punch Man, and why?
Who would win, Lucifer Morningstar VS Lucifer VS Lucifer?
Who'd win, The big whale snake from the Avengers vs the big ice dog from Thor vs the big fire dog from Thor 3 vs the big black dog also from Thor 3 vs the big tentacle monster from GOTG2?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Scorpion?
Every character in the MCU and DC's Universe are real. You have the ability to absorb the powers of anyone you kill. However, you only start with the items in your house. How do you kill Thanos?
Steven Hawking vs Steven, Hawk King: Who would be the victor?
What would happen if China and Pakistan attacked India?
In a war between Starcraft Zerg and Star Wars Yuuzhan Vong, who wins?
Who would win in a war between these given alliances?
Who'd win, A team of 7 Navy SEALS VS. 100 medieval knights with bulletproof shields?
Batman vs. Grimjack: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Mod request
Is the Canadian population about to explode with new Trump election political win, and his dream to evict many of race and religion?
Could Ichigo hold his own against a chunin in a strictly no jutsu/shinigami power hand-to-hand fight? http://bleach.wikia.com/wiki/Ichigo_Kurosaki
Which Disney princesses could you take out in a fight?
Who would win this fight: Star Battle: Star Wars fans vs Star Trek fans equipped with the weapon technology of their respective universes?
If all of these animals were stuck in the wild together, would a lone wild wolf be able to fend off a group of domesticated dogs and win or would it simply give up?
Who is the strongest person a max Level, fully drugged up, fully buffed, fully equipped fallout 4 protagonist could defeat?
These famous NES games have their main hero replaced by a chimp. Can he win?
Help me find a "Fair" match for Contessa
Boros vs. Monster Association: Who would have the edge?
How can I win a roast/trash talk battle?
What if Austria went to war with Germany, one-on-one?
Who would have the edge out of Tony Stark vs. Galaga Guy, and why?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Wonder Woman or Wolverine?
What is your reaction to this, "bullies fight only the battles they know theyll win?
Who would win in a fight: Count Dooku or Saruman?
How long would it take for Russia to invade and conquer Monaco if they wanted to?
What is the fiercest rematch fight between two anime characters?
Who would win this punch-up: Bernie Sanders vs. John Cena?
Who would win a fight between a gorilla and a human?
Batgirl Cassandra Cain vs DBZ: Who would be the victor?
For $100 billion dollars, could you spend 3 hours in different time periods?
In a fight between shiva and vishnu who will be the winner?
Who'd win, Rob Lucci Vs. Chester Cheetah Vs. Cheetah?
How could an orca kill a megalodon?
Baseball bat VS Combat knife
Who is more likely to win a stand-up fight, a practitioner of Kung Fu, a Muay Thai Fighter, or a boxer?
Goku vs Captain America vs Naruto vs Spider-Man vs Luffy vs Natsu vs Ichigo vs Raiden: Who would have the edge?
Golden State Warriors. Can they crush other legendary NBA teams?
Four Navy SEALS are dropped in the heart of Ancient Rome at its peak. How many troops can the SEALS take down before being overrun?
What is THE line that will 100% get you into a fight in a second?
Who would win this match: The Mountain without armour vs. a Gorilla?
Who'd win, Aquaman has grown tired of people laughing at him for his fish powers, so he declares war on humanity with his army of all the sea creatures on Earth. Who is the weakest character or group that can stop him?
Who would win in combat fight, 1,000 scientists or 1,000 celebrities?
Who would win, Darth Vader vs Exar Kun?
New York is now a Country. They've just declared war on North Korea.
Every first person in Epic Rap Battles of History vs. the others
Who would win out of Lord Voldemort vs Jango Fett, and why?
Who would win, Thor vs. Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight between Vladimir Putin and Batman?
If Bernie Sanders decided to run for office again in 2020, what would he have to do this time to win against the Trump Administration in the race for The White House?
The year is 1934, you're the President of Mexico and joined the Axis. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy could cause the Axis Powers to win the war?
Who would win in a fight, Broly, Hulk or Doomsday?
Who would win a war between Malaysia and North Korea?
Who would win in a war between Harry Potter and Percy Jackson, Greek gods and skilled wizards, Greek monsters and Death Eaters?
Pharoah Ramses vs. God of the King James Version Bible in saving Ramses' son: Who would claim victory?
Who would win a fight between Temari and Shikamaru?
Humanity vs dinosaurs: Who would win?
Who would win, two Rebel strike teams or Batman?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider vs Doomsday?
Who would win this fight: Sansa Stark vs Cersei Lannister vs Daenerys Targaryen vs Ellaria Sand?
Why is WW3 happening?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Manhattan and Spawn?
Who would win, 10,000 Jedi vs 40,000 Spartans?
Who would win, Green Goblin vs Doctor Octopus vs Sandman vs Venom vs New Goblin vs the Lizard?
Who would win, Lucifer Morningstar vs Darkseid?
Who would win this war: The beaches of Normandy now have two different militaries battling on its sands. The Clone Armies VS The Mass effect Alliance?
Who would win in a fight, Natsu or Human Torch?
Who would win in a fight Zoro vs Erza?
Captain America replaces the T-850 in Terminator 3
Who would win, Silver Surfer vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win between the Human militaries of the halo and mass effect universes? Excluding all alien species but not advancements caused by them.
Who would be the victor out of Jets QB Ryan Fitzpatrick armed with a vibranium shield vs a herd of approximately 2000 wild buffalo, and why?
Who would have the edge out of Current Shaq vs current Mike Tyson, and why?
Keldeo vs Kai: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Sasuke Uchiha vs Ichigo Kurosaki, who would win?
Can a human armed with a spear or axe fight off a silverback gorilla?
Thunder God vs. Martian Vision: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between a fennec-fox and chihuahua?
Who would win, Symbiote Deadpool or Superman?
After the Sokovia fight Ultron does a heel-face turn and decides to help the Avengers. Besides that, events of Civil War and Ragnarok happen, business as usual. Can Avengers + Ultron stop Thanos?
Lelouch Lamperouge, as Zero will be running for US Presidency. Would he win against Trump?
King Shark VS Sea King
Who would win this match: Afrocan buffalo vs American bison?
Who would win in a war between the US and Russian military and the entire Mongol Empire?
China, Il Reagan vs Professor Zoom when it comes to using time travel to ruin their rivals lives: Who would have the edge?
Who would be the champion out of Count Dooku vs Princess Azula except both are only allowed to use lightning, and why?
Assuming Kuririn were born a saiyan like Son-Goku, what would his power level be now? How would he do in a fight against Son-Goku?
In a fight to the death, who will win, Juggernaut versus Sentry?
If the Borg cube battled with the Death Star, who would win?
Who's The Strongest Character Little Mac Could Beat In A Boxing Match?
"Sleepy" John Estes vs Yoshikage Kira
Who would win in a fight between a soldier and a chimpanzee in unarmed, head-on, hand to hand combat?
Why were most of the British leaders in WWII below standard? Were they still using only nobility and using the patronage system?
Who would win in a fight between God Emperor Doom and Cosmic Armor Superman?
After getting dumped, who would give the best drunk rant about being alone and the whole world being is against them, Brock Samson, Rick Sanchez, Bojack Horseman, or Sterling Archer?
Who is the strongest Dragon Ball series "hero" that wouldn't be ranked an S Class Hero in One Punch Man?
Who'd win, Goat vs The Hulk?
Who will win the space race by 2050?
Who would win a presidential race between Bill Maher and Bill o'reilly?
Who will win in a fight between Hanuman vs Justice League and Avengers combined?
The Worldbreaker Hulk is trying to kill you and the villains from the last five movies you watched are trying to protect you, how screwed are you?
Strongest opponent Hank J. Wimbleton can defeat?
Four different ghosts each haunt a random person. Which one drives its victim insane first?
Who would win, Beerus or Thanos?
Mark Wahlberg VS Bear Grylls in a fight?
In a fight who would win, the largest ant colony or the largest bee hive?
Who will win in a fight between Captain America and Gorilla Grodd?
Silver Back Gorilla versus Grizzly Bear: Who would have the edge?
Who would win a fight between The Juggernaut and Carnage?
Who would win a war between China and Japan and how would the confrontation look?
If every human Game of thrones character fought each other hunger games style, who would win?
Who would win in a hypothetical match between 2010-Nadal and 2015-Djokovic on a hybrid court of clay and cement?
Settle something for me and my friend. All 718 Pokemon vs Bills/Beerus: Who would have the edge?
Who would come out on top out of Zootopia duo vs the Madagascar four, and why?
Who would win, Light Yagami vs Lelouch Vi Britannia?
The Hunger games, but all the tributes are characters in Beatles songs
Who would be the victor out of 10 year olds vs Seige of Orgrimmar, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Toph or Groudon?
Who would win in a 4-way battle royale between Superman One Million, Infinity Gauntlet Thanos, Galactus, and Franklin Richards?
General Grievous vs Raiden: Who would have the best chance of winning?
We all know the evil that Hitler did. What good, if any, did he do?
Who is the weakest character that can beat Superchimp?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The Animaniacs break out of the water tower, but instead of returning to their wacky antics they want to enslave and put most of humanity in water towers, and why?
Who would win, Groot or Kamui Woods?
Who wins the fight between an adult boy and a woman mostly?
Who'd win, Humans vs Gray Wolf?
Who is stronger, Super Saiyan Blue Vegito vs Super Saiyan 2 Berserker Kefla who fought Ultra Instinct Omen Goku? Who should win and why?
Confident of itself, the US dares North Korea to teleport their military to any of its 50 states, and says if they can hold it for 24 hours, they can keep it: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight between Marvel's Galactus and DC's Starro?
How long could 3 clones of Catwoman fend off limitless waves of Mike Meyer's Cat in the Hats who have been driven insane off of constant use of adrenaline shots and Advil?
Who would win in a battle between Hanuman and Superman?
Muhammad Ali gets SPARTAN-II augmentations. Who's the strongest character he can beat 6/10 in a boxing match?
SCP 682 Vs Dark Schneider: Who would be victorious?
Skeletor v the Band of the Hawk
Who would win, Android 18 or MS. Marvel?
What were the most known causes and effects of the Punic Wars?
Who would win in a fight between DC's Spectre and the Living Tribunal?
Who wins between Marvel and DC- commercially, entertainment value and in an all hero fight?
Who would win: Metroman , Tighten , or Superman?
Who would be the victor out of The Joker vs young Obi-Wan Kenobi, and why?
You vs your cat Who would win?
Clifford the big red dog VS a tyrannosaurs rex: Who would win?
An airbending Jackie Chan vs an earthbending The Rock vs a firebending Chuck Norris vs a waterbending Bruce Lee
Who'd win, Doctor Octopus vs Ken Kaneki?
Participation Trophy for March 2018 Week 4
Based on the water droplet scene, how does Spider-Man do against Samurai Jack?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Deathstroke vs Taskmaster, and why?
Dash VS Lightning McQueen: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Dad of War Kratos and Atreus vs God of War Kratos?
The Avengers learn to share. How does Infinity War change?
Who'd win, Kratos and Atreus are confronted by Jesus, who wishes to defeat them because their existence constitutes apostasy?
Could Kong really defeat three T-Rex-like dinosaurs?
Who would win in a fight between Optimus Prime and Iron Man?
Who'd win, Simo "the White Death" Hayha vs. the Navy Seal Copypasta guy?
If warriors from natives/tribes of every contintent/country on Earth were to fight each other, who would win?
Thieves from other franchises must obtain the Infinity Stones.
Who would win this war: A pack of wolves vs a Grizzly Bear?
If Saeko vs Yuno fought, who would win?
Instead of the League of Evil Exes, Scott Pilgrim must now fight the League of Evil Ceras.
can Boba Fett defeat a lightsaber-wielding Lord Voldemort?
Who would win in a war between the whole world vs China and Pakistan?
On which day would World War 3 be started?
The DK Crew vs the Bat Family: Who would be the victor?
If there was a Nobel Prize for awesomeness, who would win and why?
Bloodlusted Rhino versus Bloodlusted Elephant
In Asphalt 8 game, when we win a Carrera race, why does it give us low credit? I think it's not being fair to us.
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs. Batman. Let's end this debate?
Ratchet and Clank vs Rocket Raccoon: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight, a woolly mammoth or a T Rex?
How many golden eagles would it take to kill a chimpanzee?
What were the technological differences between Japan and USA during World War 2?
Who'd win, Galactus vs Enigma?
Doctor Octopus Vs. The Scorpion King: Who would have the edge?
Who would win a no-holds-barred battle between Naruto and Ichigo?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Batman vs Docter Octopus, and why?
What will America do if North Korea declares war to China?
How many Kamala Khans would it take to beat Hank Pym in a fight?
Who would win: A fully kitted medieval knight on foot or a fully kitted Roman centurion?
TOAA vs Fancalc Goku: Who would come out on top?
What if Adolf Hitler ran Germany during World War 2, but as a Communist instead of a Fascist/Nazi?
Who would be the victor out of A mol moles vs a quintillion lions, and why?
Who do you think will win the coming war between the Iraqi Army and the Peshmerga?
Hannibal has broken into the Bat-Cave and Batman has claimed the leadership of the A-Team. Who can get their own back first: Who would be the victor?
300 riot police replace the Spartans in guarding the Thermopylae Pass.
Who would win this fight: Thor and Wonder Woman vs. Superman and Goku?
Named historical figures in We Didn't Start the Fire vs. bar staff and patrons in Piano Man
What would happen if Thanos encountered the United Federation of Planets and invaded?
All of Dick Grayson's future daughters grow up. Are they a match for the Justice League or any other established superhero group?
Who would win in a fight, Krillin or Saitama?
S-Class Heroes vs Chimera Ants: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, the entire Allied Shinobi Forces or Hagoromo and his brother?
Who would win between Deadpool & Daredevil?
Who would win in a fight between the LOTR, ASOIAF, IC and WOT worlds?
Who would win in a race between Ramesh or Suresh?
Why does the Daily Express always write about World War III if they still believe it, since we all know WW3 is a hypothetical guess?
If a golden eagle and a male cat fought, who would win?
What was the craziest duel in history?
Who would win if Wonder Woman fought against Batman and Wolverine?
Who'd win, The Nintendo Universe is in shambles. Mario dies, Luigi takes over as the main protagonist, he can’t lead the heroes so he, Peach, Yoshi, Donkey Kong, Samus and Captain Falcon end up dead, restored and brainwashed into becoming Kamek’s new servants?
Saitama goes on a rampage. Who is the strongest hero he can defeat?
Who would win this fight: Contessa vs Leto II?
A bunch of animals gain the superpowers/gadgets of the superhero that bear their name.
In a flash of light, France 98 appear on the pitch against Australia
Who'd win, Davey Jones and his 3 strongest crewmembers vs the Street Sharks?
Who will win in a fight between a snake and a mongoose?
Who would win, Honey Badger vs Jack Russell Terrier?
As of today, who would win in conventional warfare between the US Russia and China?
Who would win in a battle between a pack of 30 honey badgers and 1 T-rex?
Who is the strongest characters all 9 mercs of TF2 working toghter beat in a fight?
All of the human males on Earth have disappeared and the only one left is the Flash. Can he make every fertile female pregnant in 9 months?
Who would win in single combat between Eddard Stark and Jaime Lannister?
If Ip Man fought Conor McGregor in the octagon, who would win? The catch is, no submissions or takedowns.
Dr. Eggman vs Rex: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between Mr Muscle and Mr Clean?
Who'd win, Thanos is wearing the Infinity Gauntlet and puts all six Infinity Stones into it. Unbeknownst to him, Ant Man has been inside the Gauntlet the whole time?
Who would win in a battle between Dr. Manhattan and Sentry?
Could Batman sneak into North Korea, take a selfie with Kim Jong-un while he is sleeping in his bedroom, and escape without anyone noticing?
Would 5 humans beat 1 gorilla?
Who would win in an H2H fight between Hawkeye and Green Arrow?
Who was the first cinematic 'fight' between, and what was the movie?
How many regular humans can a bloodlusted Spider-Man defeat before he gets taken down?
What is the weakest country that can beat North Korea ?
The greatest time-travellers are pitted to see who would screw up time the most. Who would win?
Who would would in a fight between Darkseid and Sinestro?
Who would win in a battle between a boat of Somali pirates and 20 Viking longboats?
Who is the weakest character that can kill the Alaskan Bull Worm from spongebob.
Fastest character that can be tagged by a normal human
Can Victor Von Doom defeat Thanos?
Who would win this punch-up: Lord Harkon vs Blade?
Who do you think would win in a fist fight between a teen from 2018 and a teen from 1928?
Who would come out on top out of Composite Human vs the Pillar Men, and why?
Can Hulk defeat Zeus?
All playable Fire Emblem Fates units replace the Fellowship in the Battle of Helm's Deep
Battle Royal of Epic Rap Battles of History
Who would win out of Michael Jackson vs Thanos, but they are wielding each others' gloves, and why?
My dad vs. Your dad
Who would win this combat: Black Panther vs the Titanic How many people can he save?
Two groups of animals are trying to protect you. The other six are trying to kill you.
Who would win this combat: Army of Feral Cats vs Army of Wild Geese?
Who would be the champion out of Capt. Malcolm Reynolds vs Spike Spiegel, and why?
Who would win in a war between India and Syria? Why?
Who would win in a conventional war between the United States and China on Chinese soil?
Who is going to win in Thor: Ragnarok, Hulk or Thor?
Who would win, The Justice Society of America vs. Thanos?
In the MCU, who would win in a fight: Luke Cage vs. Hulk?
Featured Character: Izaya Orihara
Now that the May-Mac fight will be fought with 8 oz. gloves, how much does this affect McGregor's chances of winning this fight?
Who'd win, Gaara of the Sand vs. Shouto Todoroki?
An average man with sword vs. Vladimir Putin with a small combat knife
What dinosaur would be an even match against a Deathclaw?
What if there was a battle between Minato and Nagato, who would win?
Who will win between Beerus and Broly in an all-out battle?
could you defeat a grizzly bear with a month of prep?
If you were hypothetically a citizen of country A and country B, and A invaded B so you had to fight, who would you fight for?
Can a human wearing super strong iron suit defeat Tiger in a fight?
How would Naruto defeat the Reincarnated Jinchuuriki with the Rinnegan like he did with Pain and his Six Paths?
/u/Krillin runs a ladder.
Who would win in a fight, Uni-Power Deadpool or all versions of Superman?
super perfect cell vs batman: Who would be the victor?
Who would win a Battle Royale between cinematic Spider-Mans, Maguire, Garfield, and Holland, each in their primes as seen thus far?
Who'd win, Thor with Spider-Sense vs Batman with a Green Lantern Ring?
Who would win in a fight between a wildebeest and a sun bear?
Who would win, Phantom Troupe vs Akastuki?
Who would win, shin godzilla or king Kong?
You vs. A Honey Badger Who would win?
Who would win, Namor Vs. Aquaman in ANYTHING and EVERYTHING?
Who will win if there is a fight between Superman and Krrish?
Who would be the champion out of Buu vs the last superhero or villain of any movie you recently watched, and why?
Fifth Character Guessing Thread
Who'd win, Wonder Woman vs Mako Mankanshoku?
Who will win the battle between the FBI agents and the Democrats?
Who would have the edge out of Train Heartnet vs Vash the Stampede, and why?
Who would win in a war between an army of Red Indian Apachies and an army of Mongolians?
Who would win in a fight, Kakashi or Darui?
Who'd win, Mumen Rider vs Mr Satan?
Who is the most powerful being in full-powered 1-on-1 combat?
All 159,490 subscribers of r/WhoWouldWin vs Batman
Who would win, Bruce Wayne Suppressed vs Batman?
Who would win the silent game: God or man?
Can Indonesia survive when there is a World War III occur?
You're suddenly transported to MCU Earth with access to our world's internet, 5 random powers and goal to become either a villain or a hero. What do you achieve? Who would win?
Who would have the edge out of Hellstar Remina vs Galactus, and why?
Would libertarians combat a joint merger between multiple large pharmaceutical companies?
Who'd win, Talion vs 616/Movie Universe Captain America?
Who would come out on top out of Saitama vs Poison Ivy, and why?
Who would win, Bowser vs Captain America?
Why was Robert Baratheon said to have the greatest claim to the Iron Throne during the rebellion?
Who would be the champion out of Fireteam Osiris or Captain America and his squad, and why?
Who'd win, Mortal Kombat 1 Skorpion vs Mortal Combat 10 Skorpion?
Who would win in a fight, Piccolo or Mewtwo?
Who will win a fight between the Wildlings and the Dothraki?
A pure neutral human being is put through our human enhancement ringer.
Who would be victorious out of honey badger vs wolverine, and why?
Who would win? Cerberus or Chimera?
Who would win in a fight, 100 unarmed humans or 10 black bears?
Who could beat Gog Wars Doomsday in a boxing match?
Who would win this combat: Hawlucha vs Black Panther?
Who is the weakest character that could beat Clifford the Big Red Dog with unlimited poop
Who would win in a battle beetween 100 guys with SEAL training but no combat experience and 100 regular US grunts with years of combat behind them?
Weakest pepper that could 6/10 Barack Obama in his bon president form
Were aerial surrenders common during the First World War air combat, due to greater communication between pilots?
In a Hunger Games style tournament for all the main characters in the Game of Thrones series, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Zeus and Shiva?
Who would win in a fight, Captain America vs Ezio Auditore?
The water characters in the WWW banner in a free for all!
Who would win a war between the US-UK Japan and Russia-China on Japanese soil? Why?
Who would win in an all-out fight, World Breaker Hulk, Rune King Thor, or Chaos King Hercules?
Who won the battle between Porus and Alexander the great?
If they became independent nations, who would win a war between Michigan and Ohio?
Who would win between Odin or Spectre?
Let’s say we put 50 Amazon warriors versus 100 medieval infantry, who would win?
Domino vs Longshot: Who would win?
How did we win the Colachel War? Was that a luck or hard-fought one?
Who would win, Black Panther vs Empire 88?
If a conventional war broke out between China and the USSR during the 1970s or 1980s, who would win?
Participation Trophy for March 2018 Week 3
Who would win in a fight between Eru Ilúvatar , Zen-Oh and One-Above-All?
Who would win in a battle between vampires and humans on the ISS?
Who would win in a war between Pakistan and USA?
How many dogs of these breeds could Average Person take on with these weapons?
T-Rex Vs Sarlacc pit: Who would win?
How many times would it take Goku to beat Superman?
Who'd win, Doctor Manhattan vs 100% Brain Unlocked Lucy?
WHO WOULD WIN KNOWLEDGE BATTLE! Week 3: One Piece!
You'll be given $2 millions dollars if you can stay in a room with the Joker for 24 hours, can you do it? Who would win?
How many bloodlusted emus would be necessary to fully incapacitate present day Australia?
Who would win in a fight between a silverback gorilla and a Siberian tiger?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and Australia?
The Dinosaurs of the Jurassic Franchise replace an Army, can they win their war?
Three Polar Bears vs One Hippopotamus: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win in a fight, Haf-and-Haf from Dick Tracy or Two-Face from Batman?
How would an unarmed human fare against giant prehistoric insects?
War Thunders over Skyrim
WhoWouldWin's Best Of 2016 Awards Post
Who will win in a war between hen and Rat?
If the US had won the Vietnam War, then would war between China and the US have been the result?
Who would win in a fight: 1 gorilla or a pack of 3 wolves?
Red Hood Runs a Marvel Gauntlet
A shark-sized Phelps vs. a Phelps-sized shark: Who would have the edge?
If scaled to equal each other could DBVerse excluding Zeno take on OnePieceVerse?
If a Triceratops and a tank fought, minus the tank's gun of course, who would win?
Is WW3 about to start?
George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Franklin D Roosevelt, and John F Kennedy all come back to life and run for president in 2020: Who would be victorious?
Who will win in war between Bangladesh and Israel?
You're naked and armed only with a four-foot sharpened spear. You have to survive five minutes against a superhero of your choosing, who will attempt to murder you by any means necessary. Who is your best bet for survival? Who would win?
Bloodlusted goku vs superman
Who would win in a fight between 3 Grey Wolves and 5 Baboons?
General Grievous vs. Master Chief: Who would claim victory?
Supersoldier Emil Blonsky vs Captain America: Who would be the victor?
Out of a river near Metropolis, a giant, lizard monster dubbed 'Godzilla' rises from the water. Can Superman stop him?
2 of every animal on earth in a massive free for all, Who Would Win?
Who would win if Marciano fought Ali?
Who could tank Flash's IMP ?
If Sasuke, Itachi and Orochimaru fought Madara, who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Yoda or a Balrog?
Who would win the fight between Mayweather and McGregor, or does it go down as a draw?
Who could defeat Walt Disney's Metaphorically Hypothetical Army and kill him?
Batman vs. the Doctor: Who would win?
Who would win between Shino from Naruto and Ant Man?
The Dawnguard , at their full strength, are assaulted by an entirely new breed of vampire. Can the Dawnguard survive Dio Brando?
Who would win in a fight between 1 jaguar and 3 leopards?
Who would win out of Batman, Rich Sanchez, Charles Barkley, Neil Breen, and the Navy Seal Copypasta guy enter the Tomb of Horrors. Can they make it through without anyone dying, and why?
Who would win in a fight between DC's superhero the Question and Marvel's supervillain the Answer?
Who'd win, Black Panther and Killmonger vs the Guardians of the Galaxy?
What would happen if a pack of 4-spotted hyenas fought with an adult pantanal jaguar? Who would win?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs an endless swarm of Black Panthers?
Jurassic Park IV: Rise of the Planet of the Dinosaurs
If a war between the European Union and the United States somehow occurred, who would win and why?
Who'd win, 3000 humans in scuba gear vs. 1 Blue Whale?
Who would win, Calvin or a face hugger from Alien?
Who would win a fight between a fully-grown male Klingon and a fully-grown male Krogan? It is hand-to-hand combat with no weapons.
Could an average human with precognition or similar ablilities defeat an average human with Ultra Instinct?
Can Nazi Germany survive against the Ten Plagues
Who do you think will win the race in the long run India or China?
Who would win a fight between a raccoon and a skunk?
Who'd win, The Monkey King vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight between 5 gorillas and 15 wolves?
Who would win, Sonic the Hedgehog VS Ash's Pikachu, BUT?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between the Roman Army and the Mongol Army under Genghis Khan's command?
Who would win, Ant Man vs Atom?
How to win a rat race?
Democratic Presidential Nomination Race : What does Bernie Sanders have to do to win Hillary Clinton supporters' votes?
Who would win, Saitama vs Vegeta?
Who would win in a fight between Shazam and the Spectre?
Who exactly would win a *conventional* war between Brazil and a coalition of Argentina, Chile, Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, and Venezuela right now?
Who would win if Wonder Woman and Aquaman fought with their armies?
Who would win, Saitama vs 10 commandments?
Wolverine VS Hyena: Who would be the champion?
Who would be the winner out of Bane with an Ant-Man suit vs Hank Pym with venom, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Agents of Shield's Quake and the CW's Supergirl?
Who would win, The tree from Poltergeist vs. the tree from Evil dead?
Which is more powerful, a puma or a leopard?
Who would win in a fight between Ultron and Superman?
Who'd win in a fight between 2 untrained humans in a fully stocked M1-Abrams tank, or 2 angry bull African elephants.
Who would win in a war between Denmark and Belgium?
You are thrown into the world of the last videogame you played. However, everyone wants to kill you. Allies, Enemies, even NPCs alike. However, you gain 3 powers. Who would win?
Who would win this match: Obama vs. Putin?
What happens when you get cocky in a fight?
Who wins in a battle between a weasel and a chihuahua?
Who would win in a fight, Wolverine or Jason Voorhees?
We owe 13,000 in credit cards. We live on SS only. We have no assets. One 1998 truck, and one 2009 car that is paid for. I know my SS can not be garnished, but can our vehicles be seized? We live in PA.
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Ghost Rider vs Deadpool, and why?
Who would win this brawl: Gomez Adams vs. Jed Clampett?
Who'd win, Domovoi Butler vs. The Mountain?
Who would win a war between Poland and Serbia?
Who would win in an MCU fight, Ultron or Thanos?
Every single current American football player vs every single Amrerican baseball player in gladiator combat.
Gaara vs Genos: Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Ditzy Doo and Hello Kitty?
Who would be the victor out of 300 Jedi Vs 60,000 Medieval Knights has been making the rounds on my Facebook, and it's driving me insane, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Shae vs. The Sand Snakes, and why?
Your favorite character is now a Lich, how do they fair in their own story now?
Who would win in a fight 6000 Polish Hussars or a Roman legion?
Who Benches More Captain America Or Black Panther ?
What would happen if the US declared war on Canada?
Who would win, Reverse Flash vs The Thinker?
Who would win in a massive all out war between humans and terminators?
You, armed only with a single Tweet vs The God Emperor of Mankind Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Wally West Flash or Silver Age Superman?
Trump-Pence, Obama-Biden, Bush-Cheney, and Clinton-Gore are the competitors for a special season of the Amazing Race: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a deathmatch between a grizzly bear and a gorilla?
Who would win in a war between Normandy during the Battle of Hasting and Burgundy during the Hundred Years' War?
Use this random superhero generator to get your superpowers. You must now defeat Spiderman.
Who would win in a fight between Tyler Durden and the Joker? Why?
The Fire Nation replaces the Targaryens during the War of Conquest. How quickly does it take them to conquer all of Westeros?
Who'd win, Levi gets struck by hacked lightning and gains powers, equipment, knowledge and brains of Hackerman. Behold - Levi Hackerman?
Who would win, Draaga or Superman?
Who would win in a war between Star Wars’s Galactic Empire and Halo’s Covenant?
Who would win in a fight between a dingo and a koala?
Who'd win, The Murray vs. The Boulder in a Bar Fight?
Who would win, Black Panther vs. Wolverine?
Would the U.S be able to withstand a full scale invasion by North Korea?
Who would win a fight, an adult male lion or an adult male human with a claymore sword?
Reddit vs. 4chan: Who would be the victor?
Who would win a fight, Itachi or Spiderman?
Strongest person a level 20 D&D character could beat?
Who wins this super crossover fight: Deadpool & Green Lantern VS. Batman & Dormammu?
In Mahabharata, if Krishna fought with Parashurama, who would win?
Who would be the champion out of The Major General and Police Vs Jets and Sharks, and why?
How many zombies could a Kodiak bear defeat?
If X-23 and Bucky Barnes fought, who would win?
Hela vs. Baldur: Who would have the edge?
Who has stronger plot armor: Rick Sanchez or Saitama
All 721 Pokémon vs 1 Billion Lions
Who would win, Meliodas vs Big Mom?
Who would win this punch-up: Kangaroos vs the Human Race?
Who would win in a war between ultra orthodox Jews and the IDF as I have seen them throwing bottles at each other on TV?
Who would win, Thanos or Kratos?
Humanity takes on nature. Can they do it?
If Apollo Creed was in his prime and he fought Ali in his prime, who would win?
Who would win, Gladiator/Kallark vs Odin Force Thor?
Who would be victorious out of Bruce Lee vs Augmented SPARTAN-II without armor, and why?
Is the fight between Luke and Vader in Return of the Jedi really that important?
Can your favorite character survive the horde of the lions?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Manhattan and the Dark Phoenix?
Who would be the victor out of The arrogance of men is thinking nature is in our control and not the other way around. Let them fight. Godzilla sized Donald Trump vs Muto sized Barack Obama, and why?
Who would win in a race, Facebook or Quora?
Who would come out on top out of 100 martial arts masters vs adult male grizzly bear, and why?
What is the probability of class A winning against class B in the race described?
Lightning from FF13 vs Guts from Berserk
Who would win in a fight between Mitsuki and Kabuto?
Who would win in a fight, Deadpool vs Monkey King?
Team of the Month: Millennium Organization
"It was a great audition, but it'll never happen again." Is there a way for Falcon to actually 5/5 on that promise to Ant-Man?
4 person Spartan team task with capturing Goku
Who would win if all the characters on the banner ran for President of the United States? How screwed are we?
Who'd win a war between the Greek gods Zeus, Ares, Hades, Hermes, Poseidon, Hephaestus, Apollo, Dionysus, Prometheus, Helios, Atlas or Athena?
Your favorite character vs. the one and only Velociraptor Gauntlet!
Senator Armstrong runs for president against Funny Valentine .
What superhero would you want to see get utterly annihilated?
Who would win in a full out race around the world, Naruto or Barry Allen? Take into consideration that both, Naruto and Barry are in their prime. Obviously, both are from different dimensions.
An elephant's memory vs service in the Foreign Legion
Who would win in a death battle, Zombieman or Hidan?
Who would win, Punisher vs Green Arrow?
Who would claim victory out of 500 normal lions vs 1 lion whose height from ground to head, when it is on all fours, is 7floors, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Percy Jackson and Kratos?
Who would win, Spider-Man or Beast Boy?
What Marvel character wins in the fight between Hyperion and Thor?
How would top weightlifters do in a fight against the lightest categories of MMA fighters?
Who would win, Maul vs Grand Inquisitor?
Who would win this combat: 100 Navy SEALs vs 10000 zombies or 1000 knights vs 10000 zombies?
Who would win a fight, Batman or the Midnighter?
Who would win a *conventional* war between Russia and Iran right now?
Would your favorite street tier character be able to become the greatest athlete in your favorite sport?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Senator Armstrong vs Satsuki Kiryūin, and why?
A Polar Bear that can tap-dance like a pro vs. a Walrus that can sing really well: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who will win in a battle between Optimus Prime and Iron Man?
Batman is on a ship in ancient Greece as they pass through Siren's waters. Can the crew restrain him?
Who would win in a fight between Saruman and Voldemort?
If Deadpool fought Sentry, who would win?
Emperor Kuzco vs. Gaston in a fight of egos
Vitali Klitschko age 30 vs Mike Tyson age 30 in a boxing match: Who would be the victor?
If the US went to war against Iran, North Korea and China at the same time, who would win?
Who could win in a fight between Selene Gallio and Supergiant?
Who would win in a fight: James Bond or Jason Bourne?
Baring religion/omnipotents, is there a Trinity that can beat DC's Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman?
What character will lose to Goku in a fight, but be able to win by ring out?
The Doctor finally assembles a Dream Team
Who would win a fight between The Juggernaut and apocalypse?
Doctor Octopus runs a DC gauntlet
The Earth today vs. the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs: Who would have the edge?
The Human Spider was walking to the ring to challenge the champion Bonesaw when instead, he sees Logan on the ring saying: "Boneclaw is reaaaaaddddy!!!"
Who would win a cyber war between Russia and China?
Is the Alabama senate race won by popular vote or by counties? Is it possible to win the popular vote, but lose most counties?
Who would win, Green Arrow or Hawkeye?
Who will win the battle between Voldemort & Night King?
Who'd win, Lord Voldemort vs Darth Maul?
I keep swinging between excited and frustrated with my job. What should I do to combat it?
An athletic male human vs a trained german Shepard police dog
Who would win this war: Saitama vs Alex Victory?
All 9 Tailed Beasts+Six Path's Sage Mode Naruto Vs. Saiyan Saga Goku
Who would win, Dr. Doom or Thanos, if neither has infinity or Beyonder powers but both have preparation time?
Would a Carson versus Clinton or Sanders match-up in 2016 be an "easy win" for Democrats?
Who would win this battle: Dumbledore vs Gandalf?
Who would win in a fight between Sentry and the Hulk?
Who would win a death battle between Street Fighter's Ryu and Dragonball Z's Yamcha?
Who will win in a fight between Superman, Spiderman and Batman?
Who would win in a fight between Izaya Orihara or Shizuo Heiwajima?
Dracula, Frankenstein's Monster, The Wolf Man, The Mummy, Creature from the Black Lagoon vs Freddy Krueger, Jason Voorhees, Michael Myers, Leatherface, Chucky: Who would win?
Who would win a fight between Katniss and Tris?
Why are there so many topics about "who would win a war between some country and China"?
Election Thread 2016: Perturabo for President!
Who'd win, Hitler, Stalin, Genghis Khan, Alexander the Great, Ceaser, Napolean, Hannibal, Sun Tzu, and your favorite historical figure are brought into the Game of Thrones universe. How do they do?
Weakest being that can 8/10 Smaug in hand to hand combat?
You are given a random weapon/power and pitted against a random opponent. Details inside. Who would win?
In a battle to the death, who would win? Samus or Master Chief?
Who would be the victor out of Guys on forklifts vs T-Rex, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Catwoman?
Who'd win, Superman prime Vs Super saiyan God Goku?
Who would win in an Internet war between Quora, 4chan, Tumblr, Reddit, and 9GAG?
Tournament of Power Round 2.
Who would win, Midoriya or Todoroki?
Who would win a fight between Frankie Edgar and Nate Diaz?
Who would win, Jar Jar Binks vs. Mia Khalifa?
If Hitler had died in 1943, would Germany have continued the war effort, or sued for peace?
Who would win in a battle between the London Metropolitan Police and the Rhode Island State Police?
Who would win, Marvel and DC Universes in Tournament of Power?
You become a real life peak human, who is the strongest fictional character you can defeat ? Who would win?
Superman/Supermen vs 50 shades of Majin Buu: Who would win?
Father Alexander Anderson VS Morbius, The Living Vampire: Who would be the victor?
Which Superhero or Villian, if zombified, would cause the most damage, and infect the most people?
Every turkey pardoned by a US President vs Every US President that has pardoned a turkey.
How strong can the Doctor Who universe make a rhinoceros?
I'm busting this one out again because people seem a little more aware now. Naruto vs Goku vs Ichigo vs Luffy.
What steps can I take to win a 1-mile race tomorrow?
What was the first step on the road to the American Civil War?
Who would win, Vampires vs The Thing?
What is the Odium in the MCU?
Superman vs Relativistic Blue Whale: Who would be the winner?
Obama runs a gauntlet against all the previous presidents, starting with George Washington. How far does he go?
You can transform into any animal on Earth. Who can you defeat and how? Who would win?
Would the TMNT, Street Sharks, or Biker Mice from Mars do a better job of handling Gotham City?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and Danny Phantom?
Let say WW3 happened and you are the last nation on earth. How do you rebuild everything to the best of our knowledge assuming you still have the manpower and resources?
How would a fight between Moonknight and Azrael be?
If Eagles fans fought Raiders fans, who wins?
Who would win, Doomfist Vs Saitama?
Can a pack of 5 wolves take on a gorilla?
Caesar from New Vegas is replaced by Caesar from the Planet of the Apes Reboot Series
Could a human with various tools beat a bear 1 on 1?
Who would win, Darth Vader vs General Grievous?
Who would win out of Bill Clinton vs Donald Trump, and why?
What was the difference, if any, in combat effectiveness between the 20 mm cannon/machine gun armament of most Axis and Japanese fighters with the 6 to 8 .50 cal. machine guns used by nearly all first-quality U.S. fighters during WWII?
Who would win, Jubei Kibagami vs Kenshin Himura?
After seeing the documentary air in Japan, the Yakuza learn that, not only did Hide flee to America, but he killed their boss on purpose! Can the employees of Dunder-Mifflin Scranton defend themselves against the ensuing onslaught of gangsters come to exact their revenge?
Who would win in a battle between a Jack Russell Terrier and a Badger?
Best Climbers VS Getting Over It
Who would come out on top out of The Street Sharks vs. MCU Captain America, Black Widow, Hawkeye, and Winter Soldier, and why?
Who would win, in a clash between 100 US Humvees and 100 technical insurgent trucks in the open desert?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Danny Phantom?
What if there's a battle between anime characters & Marvel characters, who will win?
Who would win in a fight between The Vision and Vision?
Who would win in a fight between She-Hulk and Supergirl?
Who would win out of Feats only-Neo vs. the MCU, and why?
America with North Korea's population, natural resources, and size vs. North Korea with America's population, natural resources, and size: Who would win?
Who would win a war between Denmark and Norway?
Who would win: Deadpool or Superman?
Who would have the edge out of Azula vs Storm, and why?
Who would win, Voldemort, Snape, Grindelwald, Smaug & an army of Dementors/Inferi vs Thor, She-Hulk, Wiccan, Miles Morales & Kid Loki?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Fenrir?
Strongest thing Polandball can kill?
Would 60 tigers be able to take down and kill one T-rex?
King Shark Vs. The Lizard
Who would win, Doomguy vs Samus Aran?
Who would win if a human got the drop on a new blood predator?
What would happen if the US actually declares war on ISIS? Would it give them the excuses they need to hunt them down without much scrutiny?
Which animal would win in a fight between a rhino and a hippo?
Who would win a war between the Roman Empire at its height and the Holy Roman Empire at its height?
Who would win in a Star Trek fight between Data and Seven of Nine?
Who would win in a battle between Wonder Woman and Harley Quinn? Harley has two days to prep, and Wonder Woman has no idea they are going to meet.
Who would win this match: Percy Jackson Vs. Harry Potter?
You've been hired to take out.. Who would win?
Who would win this duel: North Korea and South Korea have decided to enter a peace agreement. One soldier from each army is expected to meet in the Joint security area, sit down on the table, and have a arm wrestling contest. Loser merges with the other country with the winner retaining control of the unified country?
Who would win in a fight, Toph or Daredevil?
Avatar Korra vs the People's Democratic Republic of North Korea: Who would have the edge?
How soon before Trump starts WW3 with all these threats to world leaders?
Who would win, Thor vs Hercules?
Who could possibily win in a war between India and China considering the current army power of both nations?
What would happen if Bangladesh declares war on China?
Compare an F/A-18 Super Hornet versus SU-35. In air combat between these two, which one is the winner?
Who'd win, ED-E and Boon vs. R2-D2 and C-3PO?
If a war goes on between China and the USA, to what extent can the USA win?
Who would win, Slader or Hyphan?
What is the difference between personnel clerk 0121 and administrative clerk 0151 in the Marine Corps? Do they see combat? What’s a regular day?
Who would win in a battle between an Alien, a Predator, and a Terminator?
Who would win in a battle between Fenrir and Cerberus?
Who would win in a showdown between a bald eagle and a golden eagle?
Who would win a fight between Venom and Daredevil?
Who would win in a war between all Latin American countries and USA?
ModPost: Etrae's Retirement
Who would win, 1 short faced bear, 2 polar bears, 3 brown bears or 5 black bears?
Who would win in a battle between the Rebellion and the First Order?
Who would be the champion out of Science vs Magic, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk?
Who would be victorious out of Samus Aran VS Selvaria Bles, and why?
Replace thee 300 Spartans with 300 Gregor Cleganes at the Battle of Thermopylae. How do they fare?
Who would win, Cyborg vs Parasite?
Akuma vs. Zebra: Who would win?
Who will win freestyle hand to hand combat between Chris Evan and Chris Hemsworth?
Who would win in a battle between Batman and Samurai Jack?
Who would win, a grizzly bear or a raccoon?
Who would win, Ganon vs Sonic?
Who would win in a fight, Spider-Man or Blue Beetle?
Who would win in a war strictly between the US military and that of the Nazis? No outside wars, no allies, no nukes.
Who Is The Weakest Character That Can Solo The Sort-Of Branching Tier of Mildly Threatening Comedy Characters?
What American President could run the Galactic Empire?
Who would win in a fight: might guy vs Hatake Kakashi?
An aircraft carrier runs a gauntlet of historical militaries
Who'd win, Escanor vs Thor?
Battle of the Vampires! Who would win in a fight between Gangrel and Edward Cullen
Would you win a fist fight against a zombie clone of yourself?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider vs Dante?
As Clark Kent, Superman loses his powers and becomes normal human without knowing. Would he find out by a small injury, being horribly injured or killed?
Barriss Offee vs Ahsoka Tano: Who would claim victory?
Who'd win, Mega-Kaiju vs the Japanese battleship Yamato?
Who would win this battle: 100 Elephants vs 500 Lions?
Who would win in a battle to the death Ghost Rider?
Who would win, Thanos vs. the Christian God?
Who would win this fight: 964.6 million bloodlusted cows vs 7 billion humans?
What are some of the most phenomenal moments in sports history? Which moment gave you the goosebumps, made you weep, made you stretch your bladder to its limit?
What are some of the funniest fights between couples?
Who would win this duel: Bear Grylls vs Steve Irwin in a contest of balls?
Chess Match: Lelouch vs. Dr. Spanko: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, Balrog with brass knuckles vs Fei Long with nunchuks?
Who would come out on top out of Shadow the hedgehog vs vegeta, and why?
Who would win in a fight between All Might and Hina?
Who do you think is going to win the mud battle between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz?
Who would win between Deathstroke and Batman vs Wolverine and Sabretooth?
Predator versus Indominus rex: Who would be victorious?
Who'd win, Black Panther, Daredevil, and Moon Knight VS Nightwing, Red Hood, and Cassandra Cain?
Who would win in a fight between Hercules and Samson?
Who would win in a fight between a silver back gorilla and a leopard?
Who will win in this fight, Killmonger or Mathayus?
Who would win in a street fight, a chess boxing champion or a judo checkers champion?
Who'd win, Jon Snow and Ghost vs. The Mountain?
Who would win, Washington vs. Bill Brasky?
Who would win, Jabberwocky vs F-22 raptor?
Who would win out of Marvel Vs DC, battle of the equivalents, and why?
So if Those Who Sit Above In Shadows are essentially gods to the Asgaridans, how powerful are they when compared with the likes of Galactus, the Celestials, Eternity etc.
Who would win a fight between Anakin Skywalker in ROTS and Emperor Palpatine?
who is the strongest being Scorpion could beat?
Who would win, Detectives Obama and Putin have ten days to take down the triad before they're off the case?
Who'd win, Angry Droopy Dog Vs. Popeye On Spinach In A Fistfight?
King vs Telence J. D'Arby
Juggernaut vs The Avengers: Who would be the champion?
Who will win in a war between the Republic of Venice and the Byzantine Empire in 1353 CE?
Who would win in a battle between the best modern-day batsmen and the best bowlers from the 90s?
Who would win in a fight between the Green Arrow and Superman?
As the human race, how do we play the game of life against a hostile and indifferent universe and win?
Who would win, Groot vs Thor?
What are the best tactics if you get in a fight?
Who Would Make the Best President?
You get a massive shot of CPH4 and, as a result, have unlocked 70% of your cerebral capacity . Can you kill Doctor Doom? Who would win?
Who would win, Super Sonic or Hyper Sonic?
Hypothetically who would win in a war between India and Brazil?
Who would win this fight: 2008 Obama vs 2004 Bush?
Tarmon Gai'don is upon us: The Wheel of Time versus the Forces of the Imagination: Who would be the winner?
Who are the top 10 most intelligent HUMAN fictional characters?
Who would win out of Green Lantern vs Silver Surfer, and why?
Who is the weakest character that can survive an all-out attack from Pokédex Blastoise?
In the race of people who work hard and those who are exceptionally talented, who wins?
Design a team of 4 and run through this gauntlet: Who would be victorious?
What are the trade offs between different video formats today, and which do you see winning the format battle?
Who would win this fight: Raptors vs Wizards?
Who would win in a fight, Erza or Korra?
Let's assume that every character is still alive. Who would you have picked to Fight Sir Gregor Clegane? The Mountain?
Who would win in a war between Russian and China?
Animal Weight Class Wars!
an early series naruto vs a late series po
Who would win out of Battle of the Magical Schools: Unseen University Vs Brakebills Vs Hogwarts, and why?
Vladimir Putin and one bear vs. Barack Obama and ten eagles: Who would be the winner?
Who would win out of MCU Spider-Man and MCU Black-Panther vs MCU Loki, and why?
In Avengers: Infinity War, we now see Thor with a stormbreaker. Couldn’t you even compare him to Superman in power?
In a battle between Darkseid and Thanos, who would win, and why?
Can a hyena kill a gorilla in a fight?
Another 100 characters are dropped into Fortnite, who wins?
Who would win, Bi-Beast vs Abomination?
Who would win: Percy Jackson vs Magnus Chase?
Who will win in the war between Angola and China?
Who could win in a fight between a Mosasaurus and a Kronosaurus?
What sort of circumstances might lead two nations, each one acting entirely within its own legal rights and not out of aggression, to go to war with each other? What are some examples of this happening?
If Marvel Thor fought norse god Thor , who do you think would win?
Who would win, a polar bear or a moose?
Who would win, today's Indian Army versus Hitler's German Army?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The Winter Soldier vs The Summer Soldier...vs The Spring Soldier vs The Fall Soldier, and why?
Who would win with these items?
Who would win out of Beowulf vs Zangief, and why?
Who'd win, The Phantom Troupe vs. Aogiri Tree vs. The Akatsuki?
Who would win if the UNSC from Halo invaded Arendelle from Frozen?
Why wasn't Falcon present in the fight between Ultron and the Avengers in Age of Ultron?
Who would win in a fight between Zuko or Shoto Todoroki?
Who would win, All Might vs Thanos?
The Second Annual ASOIAF/Game of Thrones Tourney: Quarterfinals
Can ship-based ABM systems in international waters intercept ICBMs in their launch phase from any launch site in North Korea?
Who would win this war: Batman Vs. Gilead?
Who would win, Captain America VS Black Panther?
Who would win: Hyperion, Gladiator, Vision, and Shazam vs Sentry, Superman, Blue Marvel, and Marvel Man?
Who would win, Canary vs Baro?
Deuteragonist battle royale, power equalized
In a Middle East war between Russia and Israel, who would win?
Who would win, The current five gods of SSBM are given giant robot versions of one of their mains and must fight off the kaiju from Pacific Rim?
Who would win this match: Shadow the Hedgehog vs. Experiment 626, aka Stitch?
Who would win, Batman with Hellbar Armor or Jiren?
Infinity war... But everything in hishe happened instead
Black Panther vs Deadpool: Who would win?
If Spider-Man and Venom fought on an even playing field, who would win?
Who would win in a war between Argentina and Chile?
An ankylosaurus against several different enemies.
The Ultimate Hero Mumen Rider vs The dastardly Villian Robbie Rotten: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Clifford the big red dog vs Andalite from Animorphs?
Who would win in a fight, Yoshi or Genos?
Who would win in a war between Russia and the US?
Who'd win, Asia vs Europe?
Who would win, Kal-El vs. Kakarot?
Who would win in a fight, Wolverine or Green Arrow?
Who would win in a fight, Harry Potter or Aang?
1 average man vs 3 ballerinas?Who would win?
Who would win a fight between Rock Lee from Naruto and Sanji from One Piece?
Who would win between TOAA and all supermen?
The MCU Civil War airport battle but it’s to the death.
Who would win this match: Devil Dinosaur vs Meriem Cooper?
Who would win in a fight between a rabid coyote and a pitbull?
Who'd win, Mario vs Batman?
Who will win in a battle between the Red Skull and Deathstroke?
Who'd win, Wonder Woman vs Kratos?
the tournament of power from DBS has the universes replaced by characters from the Final Fantasy series, allied together by game. Who would win?
Who would win if every slasher from every horror movie fought ,Hunger Games style?
Who would win this punch-up: Batman vs Goku vs Superman vs Thor vs Nightwing vs Black Panther vs Daredevil vs Connor Hawke vs Bane in?
Adam West's batman has to fight everyone from... Bikini Bottom.
Can a Silverback gorilla win in a fight against an orangutan?
Who would win this combat: Seal team 1776 VS Kim-jong-unlimited?
Hypothetically, who would win in an all-out war between modern Portugal vs. Nazi Germany?
Who would win in a war between NK, Russia, China and USA, SK, Japan, UK?
Who would win in a fight: Spider-Man or the Hulk?
In a detective contest, who would win between Batman, L, and Shinichi Kudo? You get to make your own case.
Who would win in a fight between Magneto and Thor?
Who'd win, Stan's Whale Wars crew vs. Cartman's Somalian pirate crew?
Who'd win, X-Wing Vs. Arwing?
Who would win a foot race: Hillary Clinton vs. Jill Stein? What about Donald Trump vs. Gary Johnson?
Who'd win, One person with a SGCTWTWTGBuuurrrrrr Vs 1500 lbs of ants?
Who would win this fight: Lung vs Vehemence?
Having a new set of eyes, Joker feels like testing them out on his best friend bats. Taking Harly along they attack Batman with his pants literally down as Joker's eyes turn red like a Uchiha...
Who would win, Wolverine vs Captain America?
Facebook Vs Google, who might win the race to acquire Twitter?
An elephant, two rhinos and six grey wolves versus a T-rex
Who would win, Russia, or North Korea and China?
Who would win this combat: George Reeves' Superman vs Adam West's Batman?
Who would win in a battle between the Emperor of Mankind and select members of the Justice League?
All US presidents since the office has existed are vying for the One Ring. Who makes the most malevolent ringbearer?
Who would win, The Flash vs Saitama/One Punch Man?
Who'd win, 20 adult tigers vs a great white shark. In the water?
Who would win this war: Cat vs Headcrab?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a bar fight? Genghis Khan or Dick Chenney?
What would a war between the Anglosphere and the rest of the world look like? Who would win?
Who'd win, Scrooge McDuck vs. Shovel Knight?
Who'd win, Deadpool vs Winter Soldier?
Full grown gorilla VS Full grown lion: Who would be the winner?
How do F1 teams make their profit and pay their employees, as they don't get any rewards after winning the race other than a trophy and fame?
Who would win, Dark Elves vs Kratos?
Who would win, Tiger with orange and black stripes versus Tiger with black and orange stripes?
Batman vs. Black Panther: Who would win?
What is the time taken by a person named A in a 1000m race with B,If A gives B a start of 50 m and A wins by 14 sec, If B gives A a start of 22 sec and wins by 20 m?
What is the strongest Greek god the US military can defeat or capture?
Who would win, 40k strong Macedonian Army vs 200k African Tribesmen?
Molly Carpenter vs Hermione Granger & Ginny Weasley?
Who would win, Starkiller vs Thor?
Who would win this war: Rincewind, Shaggy, and Courage are all trapped in a dangerous environment. Who would either escape first or survive the longest?
Who would win, Goku UI or Beerus?
An Orca vs. Various Types of Sharks
Who would win, Master Yoda versus a droid battalion?
Who will win a battle between Star Lord and Captain America?
Night of the Wolf
Mo'vember Matchup: Chuck Norris vs Saxton Hale: Who would claim victory?
Geralt of Rivia vs. Talion: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight, Superboy or Kid Flash?
If all gang members in America united against law enforcement, who would win?
Who would win in a face off, Batman or arrow?
An African Elephant <VS> a 10-man bayonet charge
What would happen if the US declared war on Australia?
Strongest /u/mightyvanguard could beat
Could the UNSC as they were in Halo 4 have defeated the Covenant in the Human-Covenant War?
Who'd win, Genos Vs. Yusuke?
Need informed answer. T-Rex v. 1 million house cats .
NATO vs. Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, who would win?
Who'd win, Sieg vs Shirou?
Who would win in a fight between Abeloth and Darth Nihilus?
Your favorite character vs Ben 10's original aliens
If all of Spain's autonomous communities had a war, who would win?
Following the death of his mother, Anakin Skywalker's personality changes to be more like that of Tom Riddle/Voldemort's. How does his development as a Jedi/Sith change and what can he achieve in the Star Wars universe?
Who would win in a war between modern day Israel and nazi Germany at the peak of its strength?
Shadow the Hedgehog plays through Shadow of the Colossus
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Dr Doom
Who would win out of Lou Vs Skinner Sweet, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Justice League Vs. Avengers: What superhero team could best convince the world that Santa is real, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Jaqen H'ghar and the Mountain?
Who would come out on top out of Christopher Reeve Superman, Adam West Batman, and Lynda Carter Wonder Woman replace their counterparts in Injustice, and why?
Who'd win, A Rust zerg clan of 24 vs. six Navy Seals?
Who would win this punch-up: CW Slade Wilson with all equipment and mirakuru vs DCEU bat man with all equipment?
If every country's national animal fought who would win
Which 2016 presidential candidate could best Obama in 1v1 combat?
During World War 2, were German automatic weapons worse than their American counterparts?
Who would win, Aquaman vs. A Cat?
Who would win, Hulk vs The Thing?
Who would win, a Megalodon shark or a Killer Whale Pod?
Who would win a hot dog eating contest?
Iconic Superhero Battle Royale
If you could teleport bombs into Superman's Brain, how powerful of one would you need to kill him?
Who would win, Vados vs Vader?
Which side would win in a war between Honshu and the rest of Japan?
Who would win, Vilgax or Darkseid?
Who is right in the fight between BitGrail and Nano about which technology enabled the $132m theft?
Iceman vs Ghost Rider: Who would be the winner?
Which will win in a fight: Tai chi or Aikido?
Attention all Marvel and Star Wars Nerds: Who would win in a battle of the mind/wills between Prof X and Darth Sidious?
Who would win this duel: Helen Keller w/ the Force vs Stephen Hawking in an Iron Man suit?
Who would win in a race, the Flash or Steve Erwin?
Who would win, Darkseid or Doomsday?
Who would win in a fight between Wasp and Angel?
Who would win in a fight: HK-47 versus not HK-47?
Roy Batty must go on a marathon of missions to extend his life. Can he do it?
Double Date...of Death
Who would win between all of the countries once controlled by the British Empire, and all of the countries once controlled by the Mongols?
Who would win in a war between Canada and North Korea?
Who would win this fight: The Black Knight vs Jason Voorhees?
Who would win this match: Ghost Rider vs Trigon?
Who would win in a death battle between Jason Bourne, John Wick and Robert McCall?
Who would win in a war between Ireland and Cote D'Ivoire?
How do we fight like Batman?
Who would be the winner out of Natsu Dragneel of Fairy Tail's power of Nakama vs Sasuke's fight with Deidara vs Luffy fight with Crocodile in an all out, plot armour fight, and why?
Who would claim victory out of Ragnaros and the fire nation Vs. Neptulon and the water tribes, and why?
Could Spock with prep defeat an unprepared Iron man in a fight
Who would win a war between 1940 Imperial Japan vs ISIS?
Who was stronger among Bali and Hanuman?
Who would win, George Washington vs 4chan Shrek?
What are some hypothetical situations where the US Army would allow 16-year-olds to fight in war?
Who would win in a battle between the Roman Empire or Nazis?
Who do you think would win between 10 inexperienced swordsmen and 3 master swordsmen?
Which country would win in a war between the USA and China, if the US choose to attack North Korea first?
Who would win this fight: Adam Jensen vs Batman?
Who would win this fight: Tamatoa vs Water Hazard?
What is the difference between combat role of HAL Rudra and Kamov 226t?
Who would win, General David Petraeus vs General George S. Patton?
Three great creators descend upon you...
Who would win this brawl: The QWOP Runner with immunity to The One Ring's corruption vs The Nazgûl who can only ride Flappy Birds?
Who would win between Spider-Man and Daredevil?
Who would win this war: Harry Dresden vs. Ghost Rider?
How much ground fighting would there be in a modern-day war?
Who would be victorious out of Karsa Orlong vs Guts, and why?
Who'd win, A top end raiding guild from every major MMO vs every major superhero team in Marvel Comics Universe?
Who would win if the prehistoric hunter gatherer man and the modern man-a professional MMA fighter-fought each other to death?
Who would win, first-form Frieza or true-form Frieza?
Who would win in a battle between the German High Seas Fleet and a single Arleigh Burke class destroyer, assuming both are in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean, there is no outside help, and both sides ships are fully fueled and armed?
Luke Hobbs runs a latter.
Jackie Chan stole Tony Jaa's elephant and doesn't want any trouble. Who wins the fight?
King Kong vs A King Kong Sized Tiger
Who would win, MCU’s Hawkeye or Fox’s Deadpool?
Every ant in your country vs. you and your friends.
Change the title of a famous "X & Y" duo into "X vs Y", and explain who would win.
Who would win if India and Pakistan fought today?
Who would win in a war between India and Netherlands?
Who would win the battle of Kalaripayattu versus Muay Thai?
Ghost Rider versus Lapis: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a battle between the modern US military and its 3 greatest enemies in history?
Can there be a fight between Mohammad Shahabuddin, a criminal turned politician and Shivdeep waman Lande, an IPS in Bihar?
A real P-51D vs World of Warplanes' P-51D vs War Thunder's P-51D: Who would be the victor?
Can the Pink Panther defeat the Black Panther?
Who would win, Pain and his Six Paths vs Obito?
Who would win a fight between the Red Hulk and Juggernaut?
Foo Fighters vs. Foo Fighters: Who would win?
Meruem vs Deep Sea King: Who would win?
Who whould win in a no-prep fight to the death, Aiden Pearce or Batman?
Who would win a fight between Godzilla vs Doomsday vs Hulk?
Who would win if all the Slice of Life anime characters fought in the Hunger Games?
The Institute vs Mr House and his Securitron army: Who would win?
Who would be the champion out of Don Flamenco vs. Bald Bull, and why?
Who would win, MCU M'Baku using his extremely strong strength and his peak physical condition with his human limits, or MCU Okoye using her skilled fighting skills?
Whatever human being is the most skilled at hand to hand combat vs however many people it takes to bring him down.
Who would win this battle: Marvel vs DC?
Who would win in a fight, Goku, Sailor Moon, Naruto, or Saitama?
Who would win in a battle between The Power Puff Girls and the DC trinity?
Who would win in a battle between Star Killer vs Darth Vader?
Fox only, final destination, no items.
Who would win in a fight if Arnold Schwarzenegger, Bruce Lee, and Sylvester Stallone with knuckle dusters team up in their prime versus a silverback gorilla?
Who would win in a fight between Yusuke and Naruto?
In a battle to the death between Emperor Palpatine and Droopy Dog, who would win?
Who would be the winner out of Eren Jaeger vs Raphael, and why?
Who would win, Doctor octopus vs Norman Osborne?
Who'd win a war between Qatar and the UAE?
Was it ever possible for Germany to win World War II?
Will you go to jail for getting in a fight with somebody if you are an adult in the USA?
Who would win in a fight between Shiki the Golden Lion and Shiki Ryougi?
In the event WW3 breaks out, is Australia likely to be a target, nuclear or otherwise?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Doomsday?
Who would win the battle between Gohan and Kale?
Who would have the edge out of Hellboy vs Ghost Rider, and why?
Who will win if there is fight between OROCHIMARU and SASORI?
300 Spartans vs 600 Wargoats: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a war between Egypt and South Africa?
Are there any women that could beat Conor McGregor in a fight, either competitively or in a street fight?
Hide and seek champs: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Goku Black vs Fused Zamasu?
What is the best fighting style for a street fight?
Who would win, Leol vs Zazan?
Who would win in a nuclear weapons war between the USA and Russia?
Who would win this fight: Iron Man vs Raptor Hybrid?
If it's nerds versus hipsters, who would win?
Who would win: Dr Strange or Dr Doom?
Who would win a fight between Kim Jong-un and Xi Jinping?
Who would win, Thanos, right before the end of Infinity War, is given Gwenpool's knowledge of plot armor. Who's the most prominent group of MCU heroes he can kill and keep dead?
What historical army could turn the tide in Middle Earth?
The twelve signs of the zodiac personified in an all-out melee.
Who would win this combat: Jiren vs Superman prime One Million?
Who would win this war: Navy Seals vs. The Confederate Soldiers at Antietam?
Who would win in a free-for-all battle between 1,000 ISIS members vs. 1,000 Vietcong members vs. 1,000 IRA members vs. 1,000 WWII Polish resistance?
Thanos v Femto
Who'd win, Bat Family vs the Tarrasque?
How many dracula's could wario beat in a fight?
Who would win, Shenron vs Whis?
What was an early 19th century battlefield like?
Who would win in a fight, Amy Rose or Juvia Lockser?
You are suddenly placed in charge of "Zathura: Battle Beyond The Stars" Who would win?
Who would win this war: Perfect Chaos vs. The North Water Tribe?
Can Walter White fix the past?
Who wins in a battle between a Wolverine and Grizzly?
Who would win this brawl: Class 13 vs Slaughterhouse 9?
Who'd win, The Colossal Titan Vs. Godzilla?
Who'd win, PC Deathstroke vs Best Tiger?
How much of Doug Jones’ win was due to his campaign strategy? What can be taken to other races?
What are the design differences between naval combat ships for littoral waters versus those for the high seas?
Who would win a fight between The Hulk and Jesus Christ?
Who'd win, Docter Octopus vs The Joker?
Who would win in a fight, a human or a xenomorph?
In a fight between Anakin and Dooku in their primes, who wins?
Who would win out of TFS Mr. Popo vs Mythological Kim Jon Un of North Korea, and why?
Who would win in a fight between the average UFC fighter and a well-trained Navy SEAL of the same weight?
If one dragon from Game of Thrones fought against an aircraft carrier, who would win?
Stop posting Infinity War spoilers outside the stickied megathread, you numbskulls
Who would win out of Kenshin Himura vs. Shiki Ryougi, and why?
Who would win in a fight, 9th Recon Platoon vs 10th Shock Troop Regiment?
Thanos versus Q - Star Trek:TNG: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, One For All 1000,000%, Midoriya or Muscular?
Who would win, Roy Harper/Arsenal vs Stephanie Brown/Batgirl in her suit?
Who would win, Chimp vs Wolf? Both alpha males?
Was there anyway that China could've fought off the Japanese before the start of World War 2, without the support of other Allied troops?
Who would win, Iron Man’s Hulkbuster or Iron Man’s Thorbuster/Model 23?
Who would win this match: A tarantula the size of a smart car vs a tiger shark with horse legs?
Who would win in a fight, Lobo or Deadpool?
Who would win, EDGY CHARACTER BATTLE ROYALE: Shadow The Hedgehog vs. Dante vs. Jak vs. Reaper?
Who would be the victor out of A Great White Shark vs. an Orca, and why?
Who would win in a fight - Daredevil or Wolverine?
Who would win in hand to hand combat between Margaret Thatcher and Nancy Reagan?
Disney’s Carnotaurus vs Indominus Rex: Who would win?
How would a war between all the countries in the world go, in which alliances were countries that shared the same first letter in their name? Who would win?
On 15th century, who would win the war between Aztec Empire and Majapahit Empire? How would the battles go?
Who would win in a fight, between the Hulk, Red Hulk, Juggernaut, Bane, and Apocalypse?
All Power Rangers vs Thanos and his army
If all countries went to war against each other, who do you believe would be the last two countries standing?
If Finland won the Winter War, then why did they cede land to the Soviets, and not the other way round?
Who would win, Wonder Woman Vs. Winter Schnee?
Who would win a fight between the Hulk and Buddha?
Who would win in a fight: a human with a knife or a panda?
What is the weakest small group of creatures that could beat 10,000 rats in a fight to the death?
Between Superman and Shaktiman, who will win if a fight is organised in Indian weather conditions?
Who would win a fight between Aquaman or Superman?
Who could win, World Breaker Hulk or Superman?
Skitter Vs. Wonder Woman: Who would come out on top?
Could Mayor of New York Bill De Blasio stop the fight between Batman and Superman?
A modern day Marine, a Medieval Knight, a Roman Centurion, a Japanese Samurai, and a Colonial Solider engage in turn-based combat. Who would win?
all u.s. presidents vs. putin vs. all communist leaders vs. Attila the Hun and ghengis Kahn in a massive free for all boxing match
Who would win, Gaara VS. Sir Crocodile?
Who would win in a fight between Gothmog vs Ungoliant?
Who would win between a force with low morale and superior weapons and a force with high morale but weaker weapons?
If tanks can be easily destroyed by portable anti-tank weapons, why are they still deployed in conventional warfare after WWII?
Was there really any chance of the Confederacy winning militarily after Gettysburg?
Who would win in a fight between Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2099?
The Siberian vs. A Goat: Who would have the edge?
Michael Wilson VS Raiden: Who would be the champion?
How important is a website in terms of winning a startup competition or getting investment, versus other things like a brochure or pitch deck?
Who would win, Cabba vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win this match: China vs India and Korea?
Who would win, League of Villains or the Avengers?
The two wolves in side of us all
Why isn't there a WWIII yet?
Who would win in duel fight between Salman Khan and Superman?
Who would be the victor out of Holy crap, Kratos is now the size of an ant and crawling all over you trying to kill you. Can you defeat him, and why?
Who would win, Nigerian Prince vs Whales?
Leatherface, Michael Myers, Jason Voorhees, Ash Williams, Freddy Kreuger, ghost face, the strangers, the inbreds in the purge
Who'd win, Bear-shark vs Octopus-Lion?
Who would win, The Traveler vs narutoverse?
Who would win, Ewan McGregor vs Conor McGregor?
If a war had broken out between members of the NATO pact and the Warsaw Pact around the 70′s, which alliance would win on land, air, use of tactical weapons as WMDs, ICBMs, nukes and on the sea?
Who'd win in a fight between Batman and a Bengal tiger?
If Goku and Thanos were battling, what would their banter sound like?
If in the near future India, China, and Russia unites together, how long would it take them to defeat the U.S. and U.K. together?
Diego Brando runs a dinosaur gauntlet.
Pinky and the Brain vs Professor Chaos and General Disarray: Who would be the victor?
The Australian military decides to eradicate the Birds from the horror movie "The Birds". Can they succeed?
If there was a battle between tea and coffee, who do you think would win?
Who would win, a gorilla or an orangutan?
Who would win in a fight: The Flash or Green Lantern?
Who would be the champion out of DCEU Wonder Woman vs Team Spiderman, and why?
Who'd win, Aquaman and Atlantis vs Cybertronian invasion?
In The Avengers, how would the fight between Iron Man and Thor have escalated if Captain America hadn't intervened?
I've created a character... who's a good match for 'The Medicine Man'?
Who'd win, Baby VS Takumi Fujiwara?
Who would win Kodiak bear or Barbary lion?
How can The Flash beat The Hulk?
Who would win this match: Slimer vs. Snarf?
Who would win - Netflix’s Daredevil versus Prometheus from Arrow?
Who would win, Agent 47 kidnaps Liam Neesons daughter, Liam Neeson kills John Wick's dog, John Wick empties James Bond's bank account and carves a penis on the hood of his spy car, James Bond sleeps with Max Payne's girlfriend, Max Payne steals Agent 47's Silverballers. Who gets out of this alive?
All of the entities mentioned in Southpark's "Imaginationland" vs all of the entities mentioned in The Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny.
Who would win in a battle between Blue Eyes White Dragon and Dark Magician?
Who would win, Itachi or Danzo?
Who'd win, Grizzly Bear with sharks for hands VS T-Rex with Praying Mantis Sythes?
Who would win, Russia, China, and North Korea team up to take over the world. How far do they get?
Metal Gear Solid 6: The Citadel
Who would win in a race, the Flash or Sonic with all chaos emeralds?
Who's the strongest opponent Silver-Age Batman can beat?
Do you think not having empathy can be a blessing in disguise? Maybe a human evolution to become greater and stronger? Like the saying goes, “Strong ones always win.”
You, right now, is at ground zero of the zombie apoculipse wherever you are. What happens? Who would win?
Who would win in a war between the Christians and the Muslims?
Who would win out of Wonder Woman vs Vegeta, and why?
Who would win in a fight between World Breaker Hulk and Ghost Rider?
Every canon Star Wars force user is equalised in terms of Force Power.
Who would win, the anti monitor vs the monitor?
Who will win a war between India and Nepal? Why?
Who would win in a naval battle between the Bismark and the proposed Royal Navy Type 26 Global Combat ship?
Who would win in a tug of war between a nuclear powered aircraft carrier or a loaded diesel powered container ship?
Who would win this battle: Dora the Explorer vs Little Einsteins vs Paw Patrol. Who would be the first to catch Carmen Sandiego?
How many Mike Tysons would it take to knockout Doctor Octopus in a boxing match?
What was the most important war ever fought in human history?
Who would win, a lion or an African buffalo?
Shrek VS Kung Fu Panda: Who would have the edge?
What if an actual alien fleet appeared at the same time the 1938 War Of the Worlds panic occurred? How would humanity have reacted to the coincidence?
After the events of Snake Eater, Big Boss is sent into modern day Fort Knox with one mission: coming out with at least one ounce of gold.
Who'd win, A Lion VS A Bear?
Beerus, God of Destruction runs a toonforce gauntlet
Who would have the edge out of Gotou vs Ken Kaneki, and why?
JustDial is challenged by Helpchat , Haptik, Flirp and many other startups to take on free customer service and charge businesses. Who will win in this race and why?
Who would win a fight between Conor Mcgregor and Tyron Woodley?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs Spider Man?
Who will win a fight between Joker and Moriarty?
Who would win, Sentry or Thanos?
Who would win this brawl: Guardians of the Galaxy VS The Empire?
Who will win in a fight between Obito and Kabuto?
Who would win in a battle between a Honey Badger and a Pitbull?
Ghost Rider vs Spiderman: Who would have the edge?
Who would win out of Iron Man vs Superman, and why?
Can a cat kill another cat in a fight? If yes, how?
Why is brute force the only thing that matters in a fight?
Who would win out of SEAL team six vs all the seals on earth, and why?
Who will win, a panther or a tiger?
In Stargate series , who would win in a war between Goa'uld, Ori, Wraith & Asurans?
If the world was seperated into the MBTI personality types and went to war, which personality type would win and why?
Who would win this duel: Space Stallions vs. Thunder Cats?
What is the strongest/most dangerous animal a well trained human would be able to kill with his bare hands?
Who is the strongest person composite Florida Man could take a full force punch from and walk away without medical attention?
Who would win in a fight, Vegeta or Lucy Heartfilia?
Who, in a battle between the MCRN Donnager and an Imperial II Star Destroyer, would come out on top?
Isaac ends up in a fight with The Marine .
Who would win in a war between Serbia and Macedonia without NATO intervention?
Who would win in a fight, Thor and Loki or Superman and Superboy?
Who would win this match: Sun Tzu commands the Varden vs the Empire?
If the Battle of B-R5RB was real, what would its casualties be?
Harry Dresden versus The X-Men: Who would win?
Your Favorite Character runs an HST Hexafusion Gauntlet.
Who would win a battle between a Star Wars universe fleet and a Starcraft universe fleet? Why?
John Constantine vs. Damien Darhk: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Parasite vs Bizarro?
Who would win, Deadpool vs Thanos?
Rank these animals from strongest to weakest
Who would win in a fight, Wendy Marvell or Nepgear?
Who would win: The Flash or Doctor Strange?
If war broke out between India and China in future, Can India try to give freedom to Tibet? If this happens, India will not share boundary with country like China.
Who would win in a fight between Brainiac and Vision?
Who would win this fight: Bruce Wayne vs an African Elephant?
Zoom vs Hit: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight, Ghost Rider or Natsu Dragneel?
How many chickens would it take to kill an elephant?
If I do race between a Yamaha RX 100 and a Honda Twister, who will be win?
Who would win in a fight between a gorilla and a elephant?
Who would win this brawl: A glass of water is placed in a room with Wonder Woman, Thor, Hal Jordan, and Steve Rogers. If you drink it, you die, if there is more than one person in the room and no one drinks within 24 hours of the start/last drink, everyone in the room dies?
How did Ron Johnson win over Russ Feingold in the 2016 Wisconsin senate race?
What will be easier for The Incredible's to deal with in a fight against a team heroes with the same powers, Marvel or DC.
Who would win, Baldur vs Kratos?
What non-comic book, non-superhero characters could beat the Joker + Harley Quinn and 100 henchmen?
The Infinity War rematch we all want to see
Who would win, Saitama vs Sonic, Goku, Chara, Thanos, and Jiren?
Who would win this combat: The Alaskan Bull Worm vs. El Chupanibre?
Who would win in a war between Paraguay and Uruguay?
Who should win the science awards for protein folding?
Jon Snow is no longer the White Wolf, but is instead The Avatar. Can he restore balance to Westeros? How does he do it?
Who would win this fight: Black Panther Vs Pink Panther?
Which die materials are used for an SS 10mm blank?
How do I stop my parents physically fighting?
Who would win, 200,000 Roman legionnaires Vs 1 million male African lions in an infinite plain. Bonus rounds?
If an adult male English Mastiff and an adult male grey wolf were fighting to the death, who would come out on top?
Who'd win in a war to the death between samurai and ninja? There are 100,000 on both sides.
Master Chief runs a peak human Gauntlet
Who would win a fight between Goku's Gigantic Yellow Ape and the Ten tailed beast?
Bruce Wayne vs. Muhammad Ali: Who would be the champion?
A Martian invasion, as described in the original 'The War of the Worlds' occurs in the mainland USA, in modern day. Who would win?
Has anyone ever confronted you over a road rage incident?
Who'd win, Obama vs Trump in a pickup basketball game?
Who would win in a fight between McGregor and McDonald?
When major candidate-nominees enter the race for president of the United States if the incumbent is expected to win comfortably, do they do so knowing that they have an almost improbable chance of pulling an upset?
What would win a fight between a rhinoceros and hippopotamus?
Who would win in a marathon: Obama or Trump?
Who would win, Hanna-Barbera Universe vs. Looney Tunes Universe?
Who would win, Neferpitou vs Beyond Netero?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Solid Snake?
Who would win in a fight between a Dachshund and a Jack Russell Terrier?
Elephant battle
Who would have the edge out of MCU Black Sky vs CW Green Arrow and White Canary, and why?
Who would win, Henry the Octopus vs. Oswald?
What was Nazi-occupied Paris like during WWII?
Who would win this war: North Korea vs. The UK?
What nonpowered superhero soul be most powerful if given the Super Soldier Serum
Who would win, Goku with Spirit Bomb or Saitama?
Who would win in a battle between an anteater and a sloth?
Who would win in a fight between Brock Lesnar and a leopard?
Wolf sized mantis shrimp vs grizzly bear: Who would win?
Who would win, Hulk vs Caiera?
Which two characters, after having their powers switched, would both make better use of their counterpart's abilities?
Who would win: Dormammu , Thanos , or Surtur?
Who'd win, Two guys in a golf cart with a bb gun vs a panda?
Who'd win, A retarded chimpanzee with brass knuckles vs Vin Diesel riding a grizzly bear?
Will patriarchy return if the World War III starts tomorrow and everything is destroyed in it? What will happen to feminism?
Who would win, Pack of Gray wolves vs. One Lion?
Who'd win, The Tunnel Snakes vs The Jets and Sharks?
The Case of Frank Castle
A man with nothing to lose and everything to gain vs. A man with everything to lose and nothing to gain: Who would come out on top?
Who would win this duel: Jimmy Neutron's 'Brain Blast' vs. Sherlock Holmes' 'Mind Palace'?
What will happen in a fight between Gandhi and Tyler Durden?
What's the likelihood that a Republican will win Washington state's governors race in 2012?
Who would win in a battle between Ravana on one side and Bhishma and Arjuna together on the other side?
Who would win in a fight, Link or Naruto, and why?
Who would win in a 1v1 war between the modern day Czech Republic and Nazi Germany?
Who'd win, Ice Bear vs Smokey Bear?
Who would win in a fight, Star Butterfly or Batman?
Why is the Great War called the First World War despite the fact that the Seven Years’ War was also fought all over the globe?
Who'd win, George R. R. Martin and Kentaro Miura meet and agree that if one of them dies before finishing their Magnum Opus, the other would have to finish it for them. Which author would write a better conclusion for the other author's work?
In a battle royale between every single playable incarnation from Mario from every game where such a Mario appears, which one wins? Each Mario is fully powered and fully leveled up.
If WWE had a match between Trump and Obama, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Jason Statham or Dwayne Johnson?
If India and China had war on the border, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Pee Wee Herman and Mister Green Jeans?
What if Superman and Goku switch bodies?
Who'd win, Iron Man vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win this match: 1 trillion lions vs the sun?
Who would win in a fight, Galactus or the Phoenix Force?
Chris Brown vs Soulja Boy in a boxing match in March: Who would claim victory?
Double-Armed Armless Tiger Man vs. Armless Captain America: Who would claim victory?
Who wins in a fight of Anti-Monitor versus The Spectre?
Who would win in a fight: Flash or Goku?
If all of the men in the world fought all of the women in the world, who would win?
Who would win in a war of Stormtroopers versus The Brotherhood of Mutants?
Who would win, Crab vs Lobster?
Grizzly Bear vs Silverback Gorilla: Who would win?
Who would win, Thanos vs Ego?
Yujiro Hanma versus Gogeta Super Saiyan 4-Who wins?
r/whowouldwin presents Clash of Champions 2017
Who would win a fight between Superman and Sinestro?
Who'd win, Batman vs Downvoating?
Who would win: Spetsnaz or Navy SEALs?
Link of Breath of the Wild switches with Wander from Shadow of the Colossus
Who would win, Entire US military with US on full economic war mode with full assets and economy devoted to war effort VS Entire world military other than the US with same?
Tigers Vs Wolves: Who would have the edge?
Who would win this fight: Human race vs Weakest Z Fighter?
The Great Debate Season 5 Round 2 Results
Who would win this war: Martin Riggs Vs. Ace Foley?
Your favorite character gets a thousand dollars and their arms and legs switched. Who could do the best cooking while dancing?
100 MMA fighters VS. A Male Polar Bear: Who would win?
Who'd win, Teenage mutant ninja turtles VS the Street sharks?
Who would win, Jesus vs. Odin?
Who would lose the most power if you removed one feat from their canon?
Who would win, The cast of Supernatural vs. The cast of Teen Wolf?
Who would win this match: The Straw Hat Pirates hear about the infinity stones and find out the location of each one, they start searching 1 week before infinity war starts?
Who would win, Black Dynamite and Huey Freeman vs Bushido Brown and ?
Who would win in a fight: Niko Bellic vs CJ vs Claude vs Michael De Santa?
Who would win, Bane vs Black Lightning?
Every American who ever live VS the rest of the world
You now have a gun that launches really pissed off cats. Who can you defeat? Who would win?
Captain Marvel vs Thanos - Who Would Win?
What if general Jubal Early had occupied Washington for one day in 1864?
If 100 navy seals riding dinosaurs fought 100 terminators with light-sabers, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Rune King Thor and Old King Thor? Why?
How would Juggernaut do in a fight against Thanos?
Your favorite Universe enters the Tournament of Power from DBS
Who would win, Nazi Superman vs. Communist Superman?
Epics of India: If Shiva and Vishnu were to engage in a duel, who would win?
One of every land animal on earth in a giant arena.
Who would win in a battle between M Bison and Albert Wesker?
Who'd win, Stereotypical cartoon character Vs. Stereotypical superhero Vs. Stereotypical anime hero?
In the war between Uber and Lyft, could the Volocopter become the winning party?
Who would win, Ant-Man vs Spider-Man?
Who would have the edge out of Florida Man vs Vampire: the Masquerade, and why?
Who would win, A wolf vs. a reasonably fit human?
Your favorite character is tasked with having to sneak up on U.S. President Barack Obama from behind and start tickling him in both armpits without being apprehended or noticed by Obama. Can they succeed?
Who would win, ayy vs. lmao?
Boxing match: Rocky Balboa vs MCU Daredevil
Gordon Ramsay vs Barak Obama: Who would be the winner?
Who would be the winner out of Canada vs World Super powers at different points of history, and why?
Who would win in a battle or war between Doctor Who and the Avengers?
Who Would win a fight between Brock Lesnar and Frank shamrock?
Who would win out of Jesus vs Moses in a race across a lake, and why?
Who would win, Tahu VS. Furno?
Who would win in a fight between Ego and Odin?
What happens in the fight between Goku and Majin Vegeta?
Help me settle an argument a pride of 10 lions vs a pack of 20 wolfs
Who'd win, Deathstroke and Batman Vs. The Justice League and the Legion of Doom?
How long can your favorite character keep tom and jerry from fighting?
Silverback Gorilla runs a dinosaur gauntlet
Who'd win, Silver Surfer vs One Piece?
In a war, who would win between Theporas and Alexander?
Who would win a fight, a Marine sniper or Harry Potter?
100 firecrafters from codex alera fight 100 fire benders from avatar.
Who would win in a fight between the comic armoured Superman and the Beyonder?
How do you defeat someone in a fight with minimal movement? How would Batman do it?
Who is the strongest Anime character that Conor McGregor would be able to beat in hand to hand combat?
In a hypothetical battle of Westeros, who would win a fight between Oberyn Martell and Sandor Clegane?
Cat Woman vs. Harley Quinn: Who would be victorious?
If a conventional war broke out between NATO and Russia/China, who would win?
Jim Carrey Grinch vs Mike Myers Cat in the Hat: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Court of Owls + Spyral VS League of Shadows + Checkmate?
You get the powers of Zatanna. Can you make the world a better place in a year? Who would win?
Who'd win, Bloodfen Raptor vs River Crocolisk?
Naruto : Who would win in a fight: Hinata or Sakura?
Who would win in hand-to-hand combat, Tony Stark in the Hulkbuster suit or Master Chief?
Who would be victorious out of One Punch Man vs. Current Monkey D Luffy, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Tien or Aang?
Who would win, SSJ2 Goku vs Apprentice Universe 10 Kaioshin Zamasu?
South America vs. Africa Who Would Win?
Who would win in a battle between the first and second Hokage against the third and fourth Raikage?
If WW3 broke out, would joining the military be compulsory? What situation would make it compulsory?
Who'd win, Spike Spiegel VS Nicholas D. Wolf?
Bloodlusted Spider-Man vs You... but you receive a random super power.
Who would win in a fight between Lara Croft and Batman?
Who would in a fight, Darth Vader or Green Lantern?
What character could give Saitama a worthwhile fight?
Ladd Russo runs the Punch-Out!! gauntlet
Who would win, a T-Rex or a dragon?
Every Human on earth transform into a Space Marine. Who is the strongest we can beat?
Who'd win, Aquaman vs Gorilla Grodd?
Brock Lesnar vs Floyd Mayweather: Who would have the best chance of winning?
What is the weakest thing that can kill a Twilight vampire?
If all the Assassins and Templars fought, which side would win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of A skilled Roy vs any Fox, and why?
Who is winning the FinTech race, the USA or China?
Who'd win in a fight, Green Lantern or Flash?
If you could make a League of Legends/DotA team with any fictional characters, who would be in your team and in what role?
Who would win, Shadow the Hedgehog or Saitama?
A 40k scout marine infiltrates roman Constantinople
Can Thanos defeat The Beyonder with IG in a fight?
Who will win in an all-out battle between Satele Shan and pre-suit Darth Vader?
Who would win a battle royale between every character played by Sean Bean?
Who is the strongest charecter a ant colony can beat?
Who would win in a battle between 20 M4 Sherman Tanks and 5 Centurion Tanks?
What is a unknown secret of WW2?
Who would win in a fight, Ichigo or Green Lantern?
Who'd win, Deadpool VS Batman... Some answers from people who know more than I?
Smash Bros Ultimate Battle Royale
Who'd win, Bugs Bunny with kryptonite boxing gloves versus Superman with a barrel of Dip?
These dbz and marvel characters vs Walking Dead universe.
Doctor Octopus vs. The Omnidroid: Who would be the winner?
The Bat-Family goes to war, who/what is the strongest person/team they can beat?
In the ultimate fighting game: Fox/Kabal/Vergil/Akuma
Who would win, Adult male grizzly bear vs. adult male atlantic bluefin tuna in 12 feet of water?
How would Nigeria win Cameroon in a war?
Who would win a war between Species 8472 from Star Trek and the Yuuzhan Vong from Star Wars?
Who would come out on top out of Siberian tiger vs Grizzly bear, and why?
In a war between Turkey and Ukraine, who would win?
Who would win if Darth Vader fought Atrocitus?
Who would win, Slade Wilson vs Digger Harkness?
Who would win, you vs the last movie universe you watched?
Bruce Wayne Vs. Steve Rogers. No weapons in a boxing ring: Who would have the edge?
How many Jack Russel Terriers would it take to kill an Elephant?
Who would win this brawl: “You mocking me?” MCU Thor vs Star-Lord?
Who would win this duel: Blackbeard and crew vs a modern Somali pirate raid?
Who would win in a fight between Steppenwolf and Whis?
Who would win the fight between The Celestials vs the Watchers?
Which U.S. presidential candidate that is not yet in the race, can unite our fractured country, win a mandate from the voters, deliver sane leadership and competent management?
Featured Character ft. Dante from the Devil May Cry™ Series
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Hit?
If you lined up world leaders from the past 100 years, who would win a 100m race and who would win a mile race?
The Legion of Gloom is having a meeting, when all of a sudden 76 Cubones come marching in.
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The Entire Star Wars VS. The Entire Warhammer 40k universe, and why?
How many chihuahuas would it take to beat a mastiff?
Who will win in a hypothetical battle between Bronn and Commander of the Unsullied Grey Worm?
Would pocket sand work in a fight?
Who would win, Darth Bane vs Darth Vader?
Could Franklin Richards defeat Thanos?
Who would win, Superman and Batman vs the Avengers?
Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump, and Putin have one year to prepare the best they can with their knowledge, money, and profile benefits. Who would win the hypothetical war, and in which way?
Who wins between a reanimated Madara and a reanimated Itachi in an all-out battle?
Every Superhero/Supervillain in existence is dropped, completely powerless, into our world. Who climbs the Societal Ladder the best within 10 years?
Super powered Jackie Chan can summon 30 pieces of furniture at a time. An agile marvel/dc character would try to stop him from murdering a tied up Chris Tucker.
Comic book super-spy showdown
Between a German shepard and a wolf, who would win in a fight?
Who would be victorious out of Storm vs Scarlet Witch, and why?
Who'd win, Anyone at all in the MCU or XCU who could best 616 Thanos?
Who will win in a 100m race between MS Dhoni, Ravindra Jadeja, and Virat Kohli?
Jackie Chan steals Tony Jaa's elephant
Who would win in a fight: Boba Fett or a Yautja?
Magical dungeons appear in all cities worldwide.
How many seats can the BJP win in UP, if SP-BSP and a Congress alliance fought against the BJP in the 2019 LS elections?
Can Hulk defeat Surtur?
Who would win this match: Batman Beyond vs. Green Goblin ?
Who would win in a rap battle between Dan Moskovitz and Naima Naji?
Video Game Hunger Games
Who would win in a battle, the Justice League or the X-men?
Who'd win, Iroh vs these lightning users?
The Great Debate Season 5 Tribunal!!
They run for US President: Captain America v Superman
Who would win, Invader Zim vs The Brain?
Will the Shinki vs Metal Lee match next encounter be as breathtaking as the Gaara vs Rock Lee match? Who would win this time?
Who'd win, Biollante merges with the God Tree/Ten-Tails and Swamp Thing , gaining all of their abilities, along with other summons. How does she fare against your favorite fictional universe’s Earth?
Who would be the victor out of A Large Pizza with olives, sausage, bacon, cheese, garlic, mushrooms, pepperoni with 5 triple baconators spreaded ontop V.S Two toasted Egos that have been spread with Nutella, and then had diced up Banana pieces fall on it with hot caramel drizzle in the middle. These two dishes come with nachos, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Dr. Octopus vs. Dr. Octopus?
Can the US and Russia prevent each other from going to war against each other?
You and any other human vs. A Special Rhino Who would win?
What if the Nazis built an arctic base with technology far ahead of major nations? What would be the world's reaction to discovering this?
Who will win in a war between Kemal's Turkey and Lenin's Russia?
Who would win in a fist fight, a Roman or a modern-day soldier?
Charlotte Katakuri has become an S-class hero in One Punch Man, who's the strongest monster he can beat ?
In Star Wars , what would happen if a Xenomorph got loose on Coruscant?
Who would win in a fight, Punisher or Mako?
Dire Wolf vs Hyena: Who wins?
Who would have the edge out of GWAR vs Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Maximum Ride or Storm?
Who would be the champion out of Tenzin vs. Zaheer, Ghazan, and Water Lady, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Lucy at 100% brain capacity vs Dr. Manhattan, and why?
If the Soviets and the Chinese had declared war on one another, who would the West side with?
Who would win: Darth Tyranus or Darth Maul?
If there's a drag race between Suzuki Gixxer and Suzuki Swift, who would win?
Who would win this fight: Ghazghkull Mag Uruk Thraka vs Talion?
One real life superhero will protect you, the rest will attempt to bring you to justice...
The Flair Force
Could a modern fighter jet successfully kamikaze and sink a modern ship or carrier?
Who wins in a battle between a peregrine Falcon and a red tailed hawk?
Attila the Hun and Genghis Khan get in a fist fight, who wins?
Who'd win, Galen Marek/Starkiller vs an average Expanded Universe Jedi?
Who would be the winner out of Spinosaurus vs T-Rex, and why?
Who would win this battle: Goku Vs Superman fighting playfully?
Who'd win, Frozone vs. A skilled water-bender?
If the Flash and Green Arrow fought, who would win?
All country fist fight battle royale
What is the strongest fantasy creature you confidently think you could beat in a fight to the death?
All fire-based superheroes vs water-based vs earth-based vs air-based.
A Talk no Jutsu Battle between Arnolf and Steven; who would win?
Who would win in a battle of wits between Sherlock Holmes and his brother Mycroft Holmes?
Who would win this brawl: Captain America VS Superman: Who'd be a better American president?
Which leader will start WW3?
Floyd Mayweather VS a Kangaroo: Who would be the victor?
How many wars did china fought?
Who would win in a war between Australia and South Africa?
Who wins in a death struggle between a Leopard Seal versus a Killer Whale?
We Didn't Start the Smack-Down
Who would win, Eight Inner Gates vs Seven Heavenly Breaths?
The Mountain vs. Redwall Badger: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, the Galactic Empire or the First Order?
Who would win, Vegeta vs Vegeta?
Who'd win, Quiet vs Gray Fox?
Who would win, Piccolo or Jiren?
If England and America were to go to war, who would win?
In a war between Mongolia and Honduras, who would win?
In a battle between Sharmaji's son and Mishraji's son, who will win?
Who and would win a fight between Thor and Exodus and why?
Who would win in team fight to the end between T’Challa with his suit and Bucky Barnes versus Luke Cage and War Machine?
How many silverback gorillas could a bloodlusted Ash Ketchum beat?
Who'd win, Toriko and Zebra vs. Naruto and Sasuke?
How would the US go about an invasion of N. Korea with the goal of freeing the work camps?
Who would be the victor out of T.V. FLASH VS. MCU IRON MAN, and why?
Was Germany close to winning World War 1?
MCU Ant-Man <VS> A Mouse Trap
Who would win in a fight between well-fed Galactus and Franklin Richards?
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke, Natsu, or Zuko? Why?
Who would win this match: Marvel's top ten vs DC's top ten?
Who would win? A 10 year old with 20 years of combat experience or a 20 year old with 10 years of combat
Why does the tortoise always win the race against the rabbit?
What matters more in a fight, speed or strength?
you with 5 random powers vs Beerus God of Destrucion Who would win?
Who would win, Illumi Zoldyck vs Gon and Killua?
Who would win, Iron Man’s Mark 6 or the Heartbreaker Armor?
What ancient battle in history was a slaughter due to one side bringing in shocking new weaponry?
Your favorite MCU character vs Fox Dr. Doom
Would WW3 be possible in the 21st century?
Don't think too much about it, but DK and Hippo have had a child. A silverback hippo, who can beat this chimeric beast?
Who would win in a war between the US and the Russian Air Force?
Who would win, Nuova Shenron vs GT Goku?
What is the most effective way to stop a fight in a relationship?
Who would win this battle: Modern African Bull Elephant vs. Stegosaurus?
Who would win this duel: Battle of the Mechs: Jehuty vs. Xenogears?
Who would win in a fight? Ser Arthur Dayne or Robert Baratheon?
Who'd win, Left vs Right civil war?
Who would win, Potter vs. Dresden: nonlethal combat?
Who would win: Me vs. Female undefeated German Boxing Champion ?
Who would win in a battle between Bloodborne and Dragonborn?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Gigantopithecus vs. Utah Raptor, and why?
Who would win this combat: Kodiak Brown Bear vs Silverback Gorilla?
Who would win: The Democratic People's Republic of Korea or the state of Israel. And then your bonus round, a Bloodlusted DPRK
Who'd win, Everything in the Navy Seal Copypasta is now true. Who is the weakest Marvel or DC character that could defeat or deter the Navy Seal by themselves after pissing him off?
What would happen if Spain entered World War 2 on the side of Japan?
Who would win, Great white shark vs grizzly bear?
Who would win in a fight, Orome or Tulkas?
Tipoca City and its Clone factory from Star Wars has access to new equipment and an extradimensional portal generator. Who can they now defeat: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this war: The Undertaker VS Anderson Silva?
Rational teenager with the internet versus Buffy the vampire slayer: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Danny Phantom vs. every ghost-type pokemon?
Who would win a fight, Static Shock or Magneto?
Who would win in a fight between Alan Moore and Neil Gaiman?
Hypothetically, if your country went to war with Russia and China, which three countries would you most want to have on your side?
Zombie Werewolf Hitler VS Evil Robot Angel Abraham Lincoln: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this brawl: Lebron vs Kobe Both are at their primes Round 1: title Round 2: Lebron vs MJ Round 3: Lebron + one role player on the heat squad vs MJ + role player on bulls?
Who'd win, Superman vs Goku + Galactus?
Hypothetically, if the top major Hollywood film studios went to war among each other, who would win the most, and why?
Who'd win, Tai Lung Vs. Lord Shen?
Given one week of planning/scheming, who would win a fight between Hannibal Lecter and Raymond Reddington?
Who would win in a battle between Daleks and Xenomorphs?
Can BJP win the elections in 2014?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Frieza?
Who would win, Stanley the Manly vs Stannis the Mannis?
Who would win in a fight, Santa or Jesus?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Punisher, provided they had equal weapons, gadgets, and resources?
Who would win this fight: Beerus and Whis vs New 52 Superman and Base Thor?
In honor of today: Jason Vorhees Vs. Lucky the Leprechaun
Who exactly would win a *conventional* war between Morocco and Algeria right now?
Who would win in a superhero battle between 2012's movie Avengers and 2017's Justice League?
Who would win, Naruto Uzumaki VS Ichigo Kurosaki?
If a UK General Election was held within a week, who would win?
MUI Goku and Wally West fuse via potara. Weakest character that can land an actual damaging punch on Walku: Who would win?
Who would win, Captain Phasma or Boba Fett?
Which side would win in a war between the two peninsulas of Michigan?
Who would win a full-scale and possibly a nuclear war between India and Israel?
If Southeast Asian countries fought with each other, who would win the war?
Who would win a war between the unsc of halo and the alliance of mass effect?
If John Rambo fought the Predator in the jungle, who wins?
Could a driverless car using current technology win an automobile race such as the Indy 500 or a NASCAR event?
Who would win in a battle between a lioness and a tigress?
Who would win a fight Franklin Richards or Mad Jim Jaspers?
Who would win in a fight between Gregor Clegane and Aragorn?
If the Official DC Superman with his stats fought ScrewAttack's version of Superman, who would win?
Who'd win, Captain America vs Buffy the vampire slayer?
Can Iran defeat Russia if there was a war? And how?
Who would win, Geralt of Rivia vs. Bigby Wolf?
Who would win in a fight between Peter Parker and Barry Allen against Miles Morales and Wally West?
If a giant hippo fought a giant snake, who would win?
Legion vs Jean Grey: Who would be the winner?
Your favorite human powerless character is on Isla Sorna for a week? Can he/she make it out alive?
"Slade Wilson, you've already faced men who have no fear. But how do you fare against those without vision?"
What biological / health / nutrition / etc research that can pass Ethical Clearance and have a chance to win Ig Noble Awards?
Who would win this combat: The Steven Universe Main Cast Vs. Adventure Time Main Cast in a Battle of the Bands?
What is the most powerful branch of the United States military?
Who would win in a fight between Polka Dot Man and Phone Ranger?
If a Spanish Galleon with orders to attack English ships on sight was to travel through time to 2018, would the crew realise what happened, and how would the modern military deal with them?
Little Mac runs a boxing gauntlet.
Who would win this duel: Ratchet and Clank vs 5 Overwatch Heroes?
Who would claim victory out of Average Human Male vs Average Zoo, and why?
Who would win, Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare versus Battlefield 1?
vermin supreme vs. Lord buckethead in a boxing match: Who would be the victor?
Will Russia support India or North Korea in World War 3?
Who would win in a fight between Q and a fully fed Galactus?
South Korea VS Japan: Who would be the winner?
Who wins in a fight between Devoe with all the Bus Metas powers and Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet?
How many chimpanzees would it take to kill an elephant?
Who would win, Vulture with sonic scream vs Taskmaster?
Who'd win, Barack Obama with Captain America's shield vs Vladimir Putin with a Gravity Hammer?
A wolverine vs a honey badger: Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase?
Featured Team: Littlepip's Companions
Who would claim victory out of Golden age superman on all fours vs a cheetah with nitros, and why?
Mohammed Ali's greatest quotes about himself are now literal. Who can he beat?
Who will win in a fight between Ironman and Green Lantern?
Who'd win, Powers vs Magic vs Tech?
You have been dropped into Syria to assassinate Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi. You have been given gorilla glue, a bag of rubber bands, tabasco sauce, a can opener, and a garden hose. What is your plan of action? Who would win?
Who will win in an all mechanical war between Code Geass and Infinite Stratos?
Who'd win, Soldier vs T-rex?
Who would win in a battle between an M1 and an M4? I bet the M4 will win, because it has a higher number.
What factors would be needed to cause the USSR to win the Moon Race?
Who would win, Democratic People's Republic of Korea vs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant?
What are 2 characters, equal to or around Goku in the Tournament of Power
Who would win, Tremors VS Jurassic Park?
Who would win, an Ultra Instinct Goku vs Superman Prime?
In a fight to the finish between Al-Qaeda, the Taliban, the IS, and Boko Haram, who will win?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs Nightmare or Lucifer?
Mike Tyson vs Floyd Mayweather: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight: a shark or a bear?
Who would win, Yhwach & Kaguya VS Marvel Universe?
Who would win, Killer Freeze and Mr. Freeze vs Solomon Grundy?
Who would win, Modern Day North Korea vs a Zombie Apocalypse?
Who would win in a one on one war, IRA or KKK?
Who'd win, Gandalf vs Dumbledore?
What obstacle would you have to add to the American Ninja Warrior challenge to stop your favourite character from finishing?
Who would win in a war between the British Commonwealth of Nations and the Russian Commonwealth of Independent States?
Who would win in a fight, a hippo or a crocodile?
Who would win, Po vs. Batman?
Who is better: Batman or Green Arrow?
Who could beat God?
Who would win in a fight, Bruce Lee or Donnie Yen?
Who would win in all out war between the US & Russia without Nuclear weapons?
Who'd win, Mike Tyson vs A Tiger?
What is the best way to stop WW3 from happening?
The average women with a rocket launcher V.S the average guy with a knife
Who would win, Superman or Flash/Barry Allen?
Who would win, SSB Gogetto or Lord Beerus?
Who would win this brawl: Rick Sanchez VS Dr Fox?
How many clones of Gary Motherfucking Oak would it take to kill a Motherfucking T-Rex?
Who is the weakest character that could 9/10 an adult blood-lusted male kangaroo using only boxing or kickboxing?
Who is the weakest film director who could 6/10 Uwe Boll in a boxing match?
Who would win out of Black Panther vs Deathstroke, and why?
Who would win this war: Thor vs. The Hulk: Strength feats?
What are some facts about the battle of Rorkes Drift?
Optimus prime vs Iron man: Who would claim victory?
Who would win: a jaguar or a wolf?
Who's the less suited character that can talk Magneto out of his desire to murder all humans?
Could Parasite from the DC Universe drain Cyborg? Why or why not?
Rico's Roughnecks vs 1000 Nazi vampires: Who would have the best chance of winning?
If Sebastian Vettel, Fernando Alonso, Lewis Hamilton and Kimi Raikkonen are given the same car, who would win the race?
1 million house cats Vs. A Tyrannosaurus rex: Who would be the victor?
Who would win a war if Britain and Argentina were at war again?
Who would win a hand-to-hand combat between Batman and Owlman?
The Joker versus Donald Trump: who wins a debate between them?
Who would win, Machi or Cheetu?
Who would win, Goku vs Ben 10 Atomic X?
Who would win a fight between Neo and Revan?
Who would win in a fight between a current Brazilian jiu-jitsu player or an old traditional Kung fu player?
What is the powerful animal on the planet?
Who would win in a fight Harley Quinn or Black Widow?
If every Fairy Tail wizard fought to the death, who'd win?
Who is the strongest character Samurai Jack can defeat?
Which side would win in a war between China and Parkistan, versus India?
Who would win in a fight, Rock Lee or Krillin?
What do Americans or Europeans think about the century-old "humiliation" of the Chinese nation between 1840 and 1940? What is written about it in the textbooks of these countries?
Can the Fellowship get the one ring to the fires of Mt. Doom if...
Who would win in a fight to the death, a human with a sword and a dog or a fully grown male gorilla?
Who would win this punch-up: Batman and The Captain America. No Gadgets. Simple hand to hand combat?
Who won the fight between Predator and Alien?
The Jerma Rumble through multiple challenges.
Who would have the best chance of winning out of EAST VS WEST, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Alikhani and the frozen calculator army, Dave Consiglio, or Hale pettit and the rest of pettit cataclysms?
Who would win, Guts and the Trial of Hercules?
Cosmic Armor Superman vs. The Entire MCU: Who would be victorious?
Before WW1 they proclaimed a new age of peace. Now the same thing has happened. Does this mean WW3 is going to start soon?
Why don't my parents take me seriously when I tell them that WW3 is about to start?
Why have the Chinese not attacked India since the Sino-Indian war of 1962?
SEA States: Mal-Indo Forces
Badger V.S. Badger
If Pinhead from Hellraiser fought Freddy from Nightmare on Elm Street, who wins?
Featured Character: Akame
Who would win, A baseball player with a baseball bat, but no protection vs a football player with full padding?
Who'd win, Diamond Dogs vs the Edens Gate cult?
I just got adopted and this didn't work out in my favor. Do I set everything aside and forget it all, or do I stay strong and fight until I win this battle?
Who'd win, MCU Ragnarok Thor vs Hulkbuster?
Who would win this fight: Alligator snapping turtle vs equally-sized lobster?
Can Gladiator defeat Thanos?
Who would win this punch-up: Beerus vs Planet Earth?
Devil Dinosaur runs a Ben 10 gauntlet
Sets of Two Superheroes to Take Viagra, Each Sits Naked Staring At Each Other
Jesus vs Batman: Who would win?
Who would win this battle: June Banner Contest and Wiki Update?
Who will win in a fight between Doga and Punisher?
Who would win in a war between Spain and Israel?
Who would win - gorilla or lion
An intelligent chimp on a horse with a golf club vs you
Can your favorite character ruin the date of Thor and Wonder Woman ?
Who would win in a cooking fight between Sanji in One Piece and Yukihira Soma on Shokugeki no Soma?
If war happens, who will win?
Who would win in a fight between Ronda Rousey and Jeeja Yanin?
The Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny: Jar Jar Binks vs. Scrappy Doo vs. Barney the Dinosaur vs. Elmo: Who would be the champion?
Shredder vs Silver Samurai: Who would be the champion?
In the Chinese offensive during the Korean War, is it true that one unit consisting of 900 troops fought 40,000 Chinese? Given that 1:40 ratio, will they still win and kill 500-7500?
Who'd win, Ghost Riders vs Your Favorite Team?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between North and South Korea in which no other nations were involved?
If Tansen and Thyagaraja had a music jugalbandi, who would win?
Congress declares a war, but the president forbids soldiers from going to it.
Who would win in a battle between 100,000 riot police and Napoleon's Grande Armee?
Who would win in a fight, a rhino or crocodile?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Wonder Woman?
Who'd win, Adam Jensen vs Major Motoko Kusanagi?
Who would win, Darth Maul , or Scorpion?
Who would win a fight between WorldBreaker Hulk and The Trion Juggernaut?
Who would win in a fight, Godzilla or Superman, and why?
You are sent back to January 1, 1936 and are put in charge of the British Empire with all your knowledge from the future. How do you win the Second World War?
If Ultron fought Doomsday, who would win?
Who would win this fight: Shadow The Hedgehog VS Dante VS Ryuko Matoi In An Edginess Contest?
How many black panthers would it take to kill Black Panther?
Who would win, X-23 vs Captain America?
We saw the sword fight between Arya and Brienne of Tarth? Will we see a sword fight between Arya and Jon?
Who would win a battle between Batman and Angel?
Who will win the Georgia 2014 Senate race?
Major vs. Cameron: Who would be the winner?
Civil war breaks out worldwide. It's women against men. Who wins and why?
Who would win in a war between *active* members of Quora and Ashley Madison? Where there is overlap members would be split evenly between the two.
Does horse racing software indicate who wins the race?
What would be the result of a war between China and Turkey?
We discussed this at my school, nearly started a riot, I need an answer www
Who would win, Adolescent Superman vs Faora?
616 Carnage replaces Thanos at the beginning of Infinity War. What happens next?
can this bounty hunter syndicate take down Voldemort & the Death Eaters?
Who would be the winner out of Longsword wielding Knight vs Katana wielding Samurai, and why?
Who would win this war: Gravity vs A glass of water?
Strongest character all of /r/WhoWouldWin can beat.
What is the strongest Pokemon that Mike Tyson could beat?
Who would claim victory out of Black Panther and Iron Man VS Greed and Wrath, and why?
Who would win this war: Strongest Marvel character vs stronger DC character?
Who would win a fight between Loki and Naruto?
Who wins the race, Sachin Tendulkar or Virat Kohli?
Who would win in a fight between a wolverine and an Iberian wolf?
What will happen in a fight between Voldemort vs. Hulk?
What happened to foreign share holdings between combatants in WW1 and WW2?
Who would win, White-tailed deer vs. Hunting Dogs?
Who would win, Bane vs Venom?
Who is the most powerful Star Wars character that Voldemort could beat?
In the event that China launched a large scale amphibious assault using its LPDs and fleet of LSTs on Taiwan, how would Taiwan fare without the support of the US?
Doglusted John Wick VS Muriel-lusted Courage
If the USA and the UK fell out and went to war , who do you think would win or would they wipe each other out?
Who would win a fight between Jai and Veeru?
How would you win the Second World War as the Head of National Socialist Germany on December 11, 1941?
Who would win in a war between Iran and Japan?
Who'd win, 1938 USSR and 2017 North Korea <VS> 2017 South Korea?
INFINITY WAR SPOILERS Thor vs Dr. Strange: Who would have the edge?
Hypothetically, is it possible to fight global warming by installing giant mirrors to reflect the sunshine back to space?
Who would win in a fight: an ape or a gorilla?
Who would be the champion out of Spiderman Vs. Ghost Rider, and why?
What would happen if a Lion attacked a Cheetah?
Who would win a fight between Magneto and Gandalf, and why?
Who would win in a battle between rock Johnson and a chimpanzee?
Who would claim victory out of Luke Akywalker in his x wing vs Fox McCloud in his arwing, and why?
Who would win, MSSJ Goku vs Yamcha?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Harry Potter?
Imagine a battle between the Army of Xerxes of Persia and Mahapadma Nanda of India. Who would have won?
What’s the closest we have ever come to WW3?
Who would win in a fight, Godzilla and Human Torch or Deathwing?
Who would win in a fight between Golovkin and Mayweather?
Who would have the edge out of Brain Battle. RDJ's Sherlock Holmes vs BC's Sherlock Holmes, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Juggernaut and lobo?
Who would win this war: ATOM or Iron Man?
What if the 1,600 scottsmen were able to link up with Henry Clinton’s main force before the battle of Sullivan’s island?
Who would win in a fight between the Fulcrum and Beyonder?
Who would win a fight, Hela or The Hulk?
Who would win this punch-up: Silverback vs Nickelback?
What would win, a googolplex of US Marines or a Graham's number of ants?
A man in a NewtSuit vs. a hippopotamus: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, A medieval knight in the finest plate armor available VS a full grown male grizzly bear?
Who would win this combat: Nozomi vs Black Cat?
Gaara vs Crocodile vs Ajeel: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a war between China and Liechtenstein?
Who would win, a polar bear or an orca?
Who would win between Superman and Bruce Lee?
Do the fights between couples change before and after marriage?
Who would win this combat: IsraelCube VS Discord?
Who would win, Timber Wolf vs Sabertooth vs Kiba?
Who would win, Shinki vs Metal Lee Iwabe and Denki?
If Trump wins the election, will we see massive race riots?
Who would claim victory out of Street Sharks vs. The Biker Mice from Mars, and why?
Team RWBY vs The Fellowship, Jon Snow, and Ghost, Gregor Clegane, Sandor Clegane, Garlan Tyrell, Victarion Greyjoy, Mance Raydar, Jaime Lannister, Legate Lanius, Joshua Graham, Arthur Maxson, Ulysses, Frank Horrigan and Sarah Lyons: Who would be the winner?
Who is the strongest character Mike Shadow could defeat?
Your city level team vs mine
An ant colony goes Super Saiyan, what's the strongest it can beat?
Who would have the edge out of Bond vs Bourne vs Hunt vs Wick vs Thanos, and why?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs Spawn?
Who would win, Jason Brody or Hawkeye/Black Widow ?
Will Europe side with America or China if a trade war broke out in 2018?
Who would win this war: Doctor Strange vs Po?
Who would win in a battle between a donkey and a monkey?
Who would win, Sabertooth or Deadpool?
If all the Fire Emblem main characters fought to the death at once, who would win?
Who'd win, Cher's navy vs Katie Perry's lion?
Who is the first woman to win an Asian game in the 400 m race?
Why did the US not win the war of 1812?
If Magneto fights 100,000 zombies in an urban environment, who would win?
Which country is more powerful, India or Pakistan?
Who will win the race between a snail and a tortoise?
you need to kill the next opponent, chosee an armour a weapon and go Who would win?
A household broom vs. 10 couch pillows: Who would have the best chance of winning?
What were the relations between Finland and the Western Allies during World War II? In what way did the United States differ from the British Empire? How far were they willing to ensure the Soviet Union's cooperation?
Who would win, Superman vs Thanos?
Who would win this duel: Hawkeye with Ant-Man riding his arrows VS Green Arrow with Atom riding his arrows?
This protrayal of George Washington vs. Saxton Hale
Who would win, Batman or Doctor Strange?
If there was WW3, would England be in trouble?
Who would win, Combined Galick Gun, the Final Flash, and Kamehameha or Zamasu fused with the universe?
Who would win, a tiger or a hyena?
Who would win in a fight, Sir Arthur Dayne or Syrio Forel?
If China goes to war with the Philippines who will India, Japan, South Korea, North Korea, Israel and the US support? Who would win? What weapons will be used?
So if Genghis Khan and his Mongolian army can beat the likes of Hannibal, Julius Caesar and Alexander individually, what if he fought all three of them plus their armies at once?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of A Male Hippo vs 2 Male Polar Bears, and why?
Who will win in a fight, Saitama or Goku?
Who will win in a war between the Bolsheviks Red Army of the Russian Civil War and the Boxer rebels of the Boxer Rebellion?
An unarmed and unarmored sangheili vs A polar bear
Who will win in an all-out war between Nazi's Waffen-SS and Mao's Red Guards?
Who would win, 50 blood lusted piranhas vs a blood lusted shark?
Every God from all world mythologies and religions become bloodlusted and want to kill eachother. Who wins
Extraterrestrial Life: What is the probability that there has been a technological civilization other than humans?
What are the best questions about Military on Quora?
Who would win in a war between France and Turkey?
Who'd win, Halo vs Pokemon?
Who will win in a fight, Karnak vs Batman?
Who would win this battle: The Flash vs Super Sonic, Super Shadow, and Super Silver?
Who would win, Lord Boros vs Raditz, Nappa, and Vegeta?
How many ninjas would it take to defeat Batman?
Which is the greatest military defeat in a battle ever?
Who would win in a war between Serbia and Hungary without NATO intervention?
Can we consider a fight between a templar and an assassin was a fight between a christian and a muslim?
Who would win in a fight between Batch H Hulk and Thanos?
In honor of the new Jurassic World trailer............... Can your favorite perfect human or lower character escape off Dinosaur Island and how?
Who would win, 5 Female Spotted Hyenas vs 1 Male Polar Bear?
Who would win in a fight between Rune King Thor and Thanos?
Are Special Forces capable of frontline combat?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Nightwing?
Were the Brits completely incompetent in World War Two, losing every battle until the United States intervened?
Who would claim victory out of new testament god vs old testament god, and why?
Who would win this combat: Silver Surfer vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a battle between a Malamute and a wolf?
What would happen if the weakest adult gorilla fought the strongest adult human to the death, assuming neither had physical or mental disabilities?
Who would be the victor out of Devi Dinosaur and Moon Boy vs Meriem Cooper and Tigra, and why?
In an all out battle between Ultron and Onslaught who would win?
The US military vs every tree in the world: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Powerpuff Girls vs Doctor Octopus?
Who would win, Ganondorf or Majora?
Who would win in a fight between the most powerful force user in Star Wars , vs the most powerful wizard from Harry Potter?
Who would win this duel: Barack Obama, Joe Biden, Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan vs. Vladimir Putin and Kim Jong Un?
Who will win in Leicester City vs Manchester United English Premier League?
My Cat vs the World's Biggest Chihuahua
Who would win in a fight, Shigeo Kageyama vs My Hero Academia?
If Cuba and Israel go to war without allies or nuclear capability, who will win?
Who would win out of Gajeel, Rouge, and Sting joins the Straw hat pirates . How much do they fare and how much of a differance can they make, and why?
Who would win this battle: A school of Tiger Sharks with fricking laser beams attached to their fricking heads VS. A bunch of Grizzly Bears that have claws and teeth made of Adamantium?
Who would win in a fight Akame VS Zoro?
Hannibal Lecter vs Lisbeth Salander . Who Wins?
A massive hurricane and a large ship are out in the middle of the Atlantic racing for shore. Which will win?
Who would win, Roy Jones Jr. vs. Connor McGregor?
Who would win, Thor or Hulk?
Who would win, a Marine or a Stormtrooper?
Who would win in a fight, Adam Warlock or Dr. Strange?
In medievalist warfare, do two armies fight by meeting together in swarms, or the lines breaking up into 1-on-1 battles between people?
Who would win this match: The Dragonborn and Miraak vs The God of War universe?
Who would win in a fight: Batman or Dwight Schrute with full preparation?
How did the Confederates lose the Civil War if they had much better generals than the Union?
What are the chances for a revolution in Mumbai?
Unarmed Bruce Wayne vs a blood-listed polar bear
Your Dog's self control VS a Squirrel being in the yard
Who would win in a fight, a dolphin or a cat?
Who would win a fight between Mahatma Gandhi and the Joker and why?
Who would win in a fight between Errol Spence and Terence Crawford?
Who'd win, MCU Thor Vs the US's entire Nuclear Might?
Could Hulk take down one of those hammerhead rhino things from Avatar?
Your favorite character must fight 100 clones of themselves.
Who would claim victory out of One Punch Man VS World War Hulk, and why?
Who would win a war between France and the USA? What would be the final outcome?
Can The United States declare war on China?
Which one wins in a battle between a hyena and a dog?
Who would win in a fight between hippos and lions?
Who would win, Indominus Rex vs Deviljho?
If the fight broke out between Thanos fully prepared versus T. O. A. A, who'll win?
Who'd win, Shadow the Hedgehog VS Mewtwo?
Who would win this combat: The Gang is dropped into the One Piece world and decide to become pirates. How far do the Paddy's Pirates make it?
Who would win out of Whitebeard vs Isaac Netero, and why?
Who would win, a type 3 human civilization or the imperium of a man?
If Michel Foucault fought Slavoj Zizek in a Kung-Fu match, who would win?
Who would win, Marvel Wolverine vs aliens Movie Alien Warrior?
Who would win this battle: Spawn vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Nagraj?
You can have 5 people/characters over for dinner. Who do you choose and why? Who would win?
You replace Skitter in Worm, but instead of controlling small bugs you control gorillas. How do you fare? Who would win?
Depowered Wonder Woman vs Lady Shiva
Who would win a fight between Yoel Romero and Brock Lesnar?
Who'd win, john wick and jack reacher vs fodder vampire form twilght?
Who would win lightsaber or wand?
Who would win this battle: Black Panther and Killmonger vs Gamora and Nebula?
Who is a better shooter than Darren Cross?
Who would win in a fight between Supergirl and Poison Ivy?
If two evenly matched fighters, lightly armored, on foot, skilled, and outdoors, fought, and one was armed with a scimitar and the other was armed with a longsword, who would have the greater chance of winning?
Your username runs the gauntlet
We've done US Presidents countless times. Now how about an British Royal Rumble??
Your non-superhero character is dropped in Lordran with non of his/her equipment. How far does it make?
you have to kill a bear in a hand to hand combat Who would win?
could a single Sandshrew defeat Anakin Skywalker?
Who is faster, The Flash or Superman?
Who would win a fight between The Joker and Bane?
How many All Mights does it take to replace Saitama?
If Dwight Schrute fought Ron Swanson in a Hunger Games-type scenario, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Angelique from Dark Shadows, Samantha from Bewitched, or Jeannie from I Dream of Jeannie?
What is the winning percentage with ties?
Why does brawn always win against brain in all video games?
Could Big the Cat defeat Beerus?
Who would win 10 million house cats vs 10 000 Tigers
How many cats would it take to kill a cow?
Mr. Pranav organised a horse race and is renowned for being unconventional as well. For a particular race, there are two jockeys, A & B, with their two respective horses, Black and White. Mr. Pranav announces 2 rules. His first rule is that the horse coming in second wins. What's the 2nd rule?
So Google decides on a cool new game show for YouTube red...
Who would win, Grizzly Bear vs. Spanish Fighting Bull?
Who would win this fight: Little Mac Vs. Apollo Creed in a boxing match?
Who would win this fight: Bane and Killer Crock vs. Rhino and Juggernaut?
Who can defeat Melee Fox?
Who would win in a fight between Nappa and Recoome of Dragon Ball Z?
Who would win in a war between BRICS and the EU?
Is there a difference between a Regiment and a “Regimental Combat Team”, or is the latter just a pointless, bureaucratic tongue-twister?
Who would win in a battle between Iron Man and Lex Luthor?
Who would win in a fight, Thanos or Sasuke?
Who would win control of our planet: reptilians or budgie aliens?
If World War 3 broke out, what would happen to our current financial system and cryptocurrencies?
How did Germany have so many soldiers to throw wars against France, Russia, and the USA?
Who would win in a fight, Buuhan or Super Janemba?
Who'd win, Elephants Seal the size of an Elephant VS a Hippo?
Who would win this punch-up: Dio brando vs senator armstrong?
Who would win a war between Italy and Saudi Arabia?
Who would win in a war between Genghis Khan and Rajendra Chola?
Why was there no crusade to recover Constantinople when it fell to the Turks?
Who would win this fight: Mirio Togata vs. Obito Uchiha in a game of tag?
If Ramzan Kadyrov fought Tarun Gogoi, who will win?
Who would win in a fight between a tiger and a Gigantopithecus?
A team of your six favorite street tier characters must cast the One Ring into the fires of Mordor. Can they do it?
Who'd win, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles vs The Robins?
Who is the strongest hero this composite villain can defeat in a random encounter?
Who would win in a fight, Mark 1, Mark 2, and Mark 3 Iron Man armors vs Mark 4, Mark 5, and Mark 6 Iron Man armors?
How would a hypothetical war between the United States and Venezuela go? Say that US did a UN backed intervention, or an official declaration of war was made. How long would it last?
What non-omnipotent being could kill Ghost Rider?
Batman Beyond VS Spider-Man 2099: Who would claim victory?
Doctor Fate vs Doctor Fate: Who would win?
You gain the power to travel to fantasy universes, and to gain the powers of anything you kill. What's the strongest enemy you can kill? Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between a US Airways Boeing 737 piloted by Sully and a Royal Air Force Eurofighter Typhoon with no pilot?
Who would win, Indominus Rex vs Land Before Time?
Why wasn't heavy cavalry, such as armoured knights, and medieval weapons such as lances used in the American civil war?
Who would win in a Battle Royale between:
Who would win in a battle between Galactus and Trigon?
Gaara v. Crocodile
Who would win in a fight, Optimus Prime or Magneto?
Satsuki Kiryuin vs Mother Brain: Who would win?
Who would win, "God of Destruction of U6" Champa vs "God of Destruction U7" Beerus?
Heat Wave and Bullseye vs Shocker and Taskmaster: Who would be the champion?
Gorilla Grodd runs a sentient animal gauntlet!
r/whowouldwin presents Survivor Series 2017
Who would win in a sword duel between Arya Stark and Jon Snow?
Who would win, Peak-human guy VS Precog guy?
Who would win, General Grievous vs. Doctor Octopus?
Who would win in a fight between a martial artist and trained soldier?
Who would lose a campaign with equivalent resources? General Grievous, Starscream, or Grey Seer Thanquol?
Who'd win, Crocodile vs Cyborg?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Jackie Chan?
Who will win in the fight between Keith Thurman and Danny Garcia on March 4th?
If the Hulk were to encounter Anti-Venom, would it cure the Hulk of his radiation?
If the BRICS countries and countries they exert a strong influence on fought a war against the rest of the world, which side would win?
How do I setup my Sony SS- CT71?
Who would win in a fight, Superman Thought Robot vs Molecule Man?
Who'd win, Shodan vs Mother Brain?
World War of Warcraft
Who would be the winner out of Rhino vs Polar Bear, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Ronald Reagan returns as a zombie and seeks revenge on Obama for not attending Nancy Reagan's funeral. Does he succeed, and why?
Who would win, Funny Valentine vs Doctor Strange?
Who'd win, WWW Team Tournament Round 1 Fight 4: Cat's Out of the Bag vs Unnamed 04?
Which superhero would deliver the most awesome GoPro footage?
If Britain attacked Canada who would win?
Is there an economic war going on? If yes, who is winning?
Who would win a comedy battle on stage between Deadpool and Howard the Duck?
John Wick is hired to assassinate James Bond, who would win?
What is the most likely parameters of a third world war?
Who will win in a battle between the Tang and the Ming?
Who would win in a battle between Koro-sensei and Sasuke?
Could a runner win Olympic gold medals in the 400-meter, 800-meter, and the 1,500-meter races?
A Human Torso Devoid of Limbs With Control Over Wood vs A Pickle Made of Fire: Who would have the edge?
What would a realistic sword duel between two armored medieval knights look like?
Who would win, Chun Li or Son Goku?
Who would win a trade war between Canada and the US?
What would be the response of local police forces to a foreign invader?
You find yourself facing Arnold Schwarzenegger in a fight to the death, but you have been transformed into the last animal that you have consumed.
Weakest person that could complete the twelve labours of Hercules.
Who would win the fight between Brock Lesnar and The Mountain?
Ares vs. Sand: Who would have the best chance of winning?
What is the most exciting animal fight you can think of?
Does Krav Maga work in a fight?
The bat family is piloting the Megazord. Who's the strongest kaiju they can beat?
Ace Ventura Vs Batman: Detective Showdown: Who would win?
Who would win, General Woundwort and all his rabbits from Efrafa vs the original gang from The Animals of Farthing Wood?
The Iraq Army pre Desert Storm vs North Korea and China in 1950: Who would claim victory?
Versus: Who would win: Hulk or the Thing?
How'd you look at the PLA? And who would win a war between China and the United States?
Was there ever a medieval battle that ended with both sides completely dead? A battle where the last two soldiers died simultaneously in a fight?
You run the Miocene gauntlet Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Archangel or Ghost Rider?
Who'd win, Engineer vs Wolf Predator?
In a fight between Silver Surfer, Vision and Martian Manhunter, who comes out on top?
Who would win this fight: A Honey Badger vs a Drop Bear?
Who'd win, The Flash, and a Goat, have switched powers. The Gash is a fast goat, and the Float is a goaty human. What can they defeat?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and Maestro?
Who Would Win: Galactus vs. Unicron?
Your favourite characters least used/most obscure power/skill/piece of equipment gets amped x5; who can they now beat that they couldn't before?
Who'd win, The guy who turns things to skittles vs the guy who turns to things to water?
"Tactics win battles; strategy wins wars." Do you agree with this quote?
The Protectorate vs the Injustice League: Who would be victorious?
If all humans suddenly vanished, which ship/floating vessel would stay afloat the longest?
Who would win, Pickle Rick vs Saiyan Saga Vegeta?
Who would win in battle between She Hulk VS Black Widow?
Who would win in a death battle between Metallo and T-1000 to decide who is a better Al robot?
How many men with baseball bats can you beat in a suit of armor?
A man bitten by a radioactive wolverine vs a man bitten by a radioactive ant vs a man bitten by a radioactive black panther vs a man bitten by a radioactive bat: Who would win?
Who wins: Ares & Steppenwolf vs Nam-Ek & Incubus?
Who would win in a fight between Dormammu and Ghost Rider?
Who would win in a war between China and Indonesia versus Australia and New Zealand?
Who would win a war between Haiti and the Dominican Republic?
How effective was the German defense of Germany in WW2? Yes they lost, but how well did the German military perform?
Who would be a better Pokémon trainer: Barack Obama or Bernie Sanders?
Which Dragon Ball Super character would win in the fight, Jiren versus Super Saiyan Blue Vegito?
Who would win, John Cena dies in the ring and is granted entrance to Valhalla, what other fallen warriors would he be able to beat in one-on-one combat?
The 4 Heavenly Kings In DBZ/DBS
Could Emperor Palpatine take Tetsuo Shima?
If World War 3 is starting in 2 months, what will you do?
Who will win in a fight between Doctor Strange and Tobi/Obito Uchiha?
Could a war with North Korea escalate World War III?
Is there anyone in the MCU that could beat Wilson Fisk in an unarmed fight?
Off Topic Anime and Manga Questions & Discussion: 3/23/2017
Why can't all countries make nukes?
What if there was a war to break out between North Korea and the US, and you had 30 days to stop it?
What would happen if Britain invaded France? Who would win?
Who would win, DJ Roomba vs Computron?
Who would win out of The Vampire Lestat Vs Blade, and why?
Who'd win, Two you's vs a wolf pack?
Could Dwayne Johnson effectively run for President?
Who would win this duel: Master Chief vs medium sized herd of hippos?
Who would have the edge out of Crocodile Dundee vs Snake Plissken, and why?
Who would win in a battle between the Daleks and the Justice League?
Who would win, Morpheus vs Po?
Who would win in a fight: Phoenix vs Dragon?
What are some of the best fights between super heroes in comic book history?
Who will win, Saitama vs. the Justice League and the Avengers?
Who would win this combat: WoT vs GoT?
Who would win a fight, Robin or Black Panther?
What superhero is the most deadly if we take their name literally?
Grey Fox VS Master Chief: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Starfire or Wonder Woman?
Can Nova Prime Richard Rider beat Thor?
What would happen if the first SS division "Leibstandarte" was automatically transported back into WW1 on Germany's side, on January 18th, 1918, with enough supplies for 10 months?
Who would win in a fight, Fingolfin or Darth Vader?
Who would win, All For One or Superman?
Who would win, Santa Claus has retired and moved to the Bahamas. Which superhero can take his job?
Between Vikings vs. pirates, who would win in a battle?
Who would be the victor out of Wonder Woman, Thor, and Green Lantern vs a bloodlusted Goku, and why?
Did Haig deserve the title “Butcher of the Somme”?
Which would win in a fight, a badger or a hawk?
Every human who has ever died is reincarnated with a peak human body and a pocketknife. Can they successfully take Washington DC?
What is likely to be the cause of WW3?
Ten runners, all of the exact same fitness, running ability, speed, strength and stamina line up to do a race, which one wins?
Bloodlusted Ant-Man wants to kill everyone in the Marvel universe
What if the Japanese won the Kokoda trail campaign?
What happens if WW3 will happen?
Who'd win, Po vs. Puri-Puri Prisoner?
Who do you think would win if there was a fight between Wind, Water and Fire?
Who would win, Batman with all his suits or Batman with the Hellbat armor?
Who would win, Kid Superman vs Teen Superman?
Talion from Shadow of Mordor with all upgrades v. Galbatorix with his dragon Shruiken.
Who would win this war: Video Brinquedo vs Dingo Pictures?
Who would win, Ultimate Ultron or Captain America with his shield?
The Great Debate Season 4 Coming Soon
What would a war between NATO and North Korea look like?
Soldiers refuse to fight.
Who would win this war: Estarossa vs hulk?
All 50 US states have an all out war, BUT there's a twist...
Who would win this match: Thor vs Wonder Woman {Prelude to DEATH BATTLE}?
Who would win in a fight between an MMA champion like Cain Velasquez and a honey badger?
Humans vs every other species: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Moriarty or Raymond Reddington?
Who would win out of A human in a gorillas body vs a male lion, and why?
Master Chief is underrated in this sub
Who would win this match: Loki vs Dr. Strange movie versions?
What's the most powerful version of Superman and Goku that your favorite completely human character can defeat?
Who would win this brawl: Super perfect cell, the great papyrus, spider man, wario, kratos, toph, iron man, black panther, batgirl, bulma, dende, and darth vader vs thanos?
Could 10 NFL players kill a large tiger in a zoo enclosure with no weapons?
Who'd win, A Cow vs Mike Tyson?
Who'd win an F1 race with equivalent modern cars, Hamilton or Senna, in the wet?
Who would win this duel: Mythbusters vs Scooby Doo and the Gang?
Who would win, A UFC champion vs. Navy SEAL trained in CQC?
Who would win out of Hulk vs. Thor , Thor has his lightning powers but Hulk is now an MMA master, and why?
Is it possible to defend myself against a group of people in a fight?
Who would win this brawl: Bruce Wayne vs a Hippo?
Who would win in a war between Nazi Germany, Imperial Japan, and Fascist Italy VS North Korea, Iraq, and Iran in 2003?
Child Superhero Fanboys in a Free-For-All!
Who would win, Didact or Darth Vader?
Who would win, Navy SEAL vs Octopus?
What are Greg Orman's chances of winning the Senate race in Kansas in the 2014 midterm elections?
Who would win in a fight to the death The Mountain from Game Of Thrones or an Adult Male Chimpanzee
Who would win, a crocodile or a walrus?
Which animal would do best during a Zombie Apocalypse?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and the Power Rangers?
Who would win, France vs Kratos?
Tournament Character Registration
Who would win out of Corvo Attano VS. Adam Jensen, and why?
Who would win, Apocalypse, Onslaught, and Dark Phoenix or Zeno?
Who would be the winner out of Palpatine with no lightsaber or Force powers vs Voldemort with no magic or Horcruxes, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Naruto and the Hulk?
What would happen if a global biotoxic and chemical war between America and Iran broke out?
Who would win this battle: Shaundi, Pierce and Gat vs. Micheal, Franklin, and Trevor?
Who would win in a fight, Aang vs. Naruto vs. Natsu?
Who'd win, Jesus vs. Fox News...with a twist?
Who wins in a battle royale between every single character ever played by Samuel L. Jackson?
What if a person or a group of people return their ration card to the collector or to the municipal commissioner?
Why is so little known about the German resistance during the Second World War? It can't be true to say that all Germans were Nazis or sympathisers.
Who would win in a fight, Ace or Sasuke?
Who would win a war between Cuba and the United States?
Who'd win, Lord Vyce vs. The Anti-Spiral and Bill Cipher?
Who would win in a battle between Gandalf vs Smaug?
Can someone here settle this? My friend thinks he could beat up a seal on land.
If you fought your favorite animal, would you win?
Who would win, Mastered Ultra Instinct Goku vs Dark Super Sonic?
Whose the Strongest DC Hero with a Lightning Bolt on the Costume
Who will win war between India and Uzbekistan?
Who is the strongest character Jake the Dog could beat?
Who would win in a fight between an eagle and a wild boar?
Mumen Rider gets chosen by the Spirit of Vengeance. How far could Mumen Ghost Rider make it up the Hero Association Rankings?
Is Russia going to start WW3 or the USA and UK?
All of the Smash Characters, but with some twists.
Who are the countries that India needs to be concerned about in case a WW III breaks out?
What Naruto character can Ant King Meruem 5/10?
Who would win, Batman in the Batplane vs. Tony in Iron Man suit?
In a hypothetical fight, could Zack Fair defeat Sephiroth?
Who would win in a fight between Apocalypse and Dark Phoenix?
Who would win a cycling race between Dhoni and Akshay Kumar at present?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Steppenwolf?
Can the entire Bat-Family beat A Spiderman in a fight?
Would a gun ban in the United States start another Civil War?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and New Zealand?
Who would win in a fight to the death: Shay Cormac or Connor Kenway?
Which of the dinosaurs would win a marathon?
Everyone in this picture fights, Who Would Win?
Who'd win, A shark with legs vs. A whale with arms?
Weakest/earliest historical IRL army that can break through the Wall
Who would win in an fight between all of the Disney princesses from Disney's movies and TV shows?
When are we going to address the elephant in the room and accept that Captain America tried to kill Spider-Man?
In the war between the heart and the brain, why does the brain always win?
How does a small guy fight a big guy and win?
Who would win, Dr Manhattan vs Superman?
Who would win, Naruto vs Obito?
Who would win in a fight between a bobcat and a wolf?
8 characters of your choice go on a quest for the Holy Grail...
What would happen if Europe went to war with a unification of Canada and the USA?
Who would win in a fight, a moose or a silverback gorilla?
Walter White catches wind of an eccentric new meth kingpin expanding into Albuquerque. It's Frank Reynolds. "The Gang Goes Heisenberg".
Who would have the edge out of The West Coast Enclave vs President Eden's Enclave, and why?
Who'd win, Brain Vs. Brawn?
Could humanity prevail over the apocalypse in The Walking Dead?
Gorr the God Butcher VS All Gods of Destruction: Who would win?
Assuming that nuclear weapons were not used, who would win in a war between England and France?
Who would win out of Becquerel vs Lion, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Dan vs Mr Satan/Hercule?
Who'd win, Equip and prepare a human from our universe so that they might best survive in the following universes?
How would the Gang react to the penance stare from Ghost rider? Which would be least affected?
Who would win this hypothetical war, blue vs red and green?
Who would win between 300 Spartans and 300 Polish Hussars?
Who would have the edge out of Cows vs Horses, and why?
Boba Fett vs your favorite superhero's father: Who would have the edge?
Who win in a fight between Superman and Venom?
Who would win, Death Seed Sentry, and Superman Prime One Million vs Armonioso?
A Boxing expert vs. A Krav Maga expert vs. A Kung Fu expert: Who would have the edge?
What if a spotted hyena and a grey wolf fought, who would win?
If the real Sasori fought Kabuto and Orochimaru, who would win?
Who would win, Adult Swim VS FOX's Animation Domination?
Who would claim victory out of Suiryu vs Metal Bat, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Doomsday or 100 Hulks?
Who would win, Fire Fist Ace VS. Fire Lord Ozai?
Who would win an all out war between HYDRA and Rittenhouse?
Who would win this combat: MCU Hulk VS Street Sharks?
The Justice League vs the Silver Surfer and Galactus, who would win?
If the United States had a civil war between the Red States and the Blue States, what would the outcome be? What would be the impact of such a war globally?
What if The People’s Republic of China launched two nukes at New York and Boston?
Who will win in today’s IPL Match 18, KKR versus DD?
Weakest OP character able to defeat Mereum
In a current day WW3, what would be some of the scariest and/or craziest devices that could see use?
Who would win, hanzo from overwatch vs a t-rex?
Doctor Fate v Doctor Strange
If One Punch Man punched One Punch Man, would the punch kill the second One Punch Man?
Who would win in a fight between a Utahraptor and 24 Velociraptors?
LeBron James with Boxing Gloves vs. Your Dad with Spiked Brass Knuckles: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, a 120-ton superannuated pliosaur or a 120-ton superannuated megalodon?
Who would win out of Kai vs Avatar Aang, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Frieza or Dr. Doom?
10 highschool male students with equipment found in a woodshop vs. 25 highschool students with assorted school supplies in a fight to the death
Which would win in a fight, a tiger or a bear?
Who would win in a fight, a samurai or a gladiator?
Assuming the Geneva convention was followed, who would win a war between the USA and China?
Who would win in a fight between Species 8472 and the Yautja?
Who would win in a fight, Zeus or Thor?
Would Spider-Man, at his full potential, be able to defeat both Captain America and Iron Man simultaneously?
You with 3 random superpowers VS the protagonist of the last movie you watched Who would win?
Who would win a fight, 500 unarmed average human or 500 grey wolf?
Who would win, Shin's Akatsuki vs Nagato's Akatsuki?
What happens if Dr. Will Caster wins in the film "Transcendence"?
Who would win in a battle between a knight and a chimpanzee?
Horse Racing: What are the top three reasons Zenyatta will/won't win the 2010 Breeders Cup Classic?
What would win in a fight, Kodiak bear or Gigantopithecus?
Who was winning the space race in 1966?
Who would win between X-Men’s Rogue and Superman?
Who would win, Batman with Hellbar Armor or Whis?
Duck Lady from Freaks vs Man-Walrus from Tusk: Who would be the victor?
Are Russia, France and the U.S. preparing for World War III?
Which character would win in Star Wars, Cad Bane versus Senator Amidala?
Who would win: a toothless average chimp or the strongest human ever?
Sir Crocodile VS Kenshiro: Who would be the winner?
Pick One item/weapon from the world of Metal gear,Pick One weapon/item from the world of fallout then get suddenly transported to the world of the walking dead .
Who would win, Adam Warlock or Superman?
Who would win a war between the East and West of the Atlantic?
What peak humans from Marvel have the best chance at defeating PC Batman 5/10?
Who would win, One Above All vs The Presence?
Would a full grown male Turkish Kangal stand a chance in a fight against a lioness, not necessarily win the fight, but just do enough to fight the lioness off?
Who would win? Every Dog of every Cat?
Who would win in a rap battle between Eminem and Drake?
How many primitively armed humans would it take to take down a Tyrannosaurus Rex?
How many Brock Lesnars would it take to kill a full grown bloodlusted Silverback Gorilla?
Who would win, Vegeta vs Bulma?
Before WW3 breaks out, which English speaking country can I relocate to from the US to avoid the conflict?
What are the differences between the Marine Corps Combat Engineers and Army Sappers?
Who would win this battle: Kratos vs. Captain America and Black Panther?
You must assemble your own makeshift Avengers to stop Thanos. Only problem is, your team has random powers. Infinity War spoilers. Who would win?
Strongest female anime character which Wonder Woman could defeat?
What if the US declares war on Russia and North Korea?
Who'd win, Mastered Ultra Instinct Goku at full strength vs Thanos?
If a 100 metre race is conducted for all cricketers, who will win the race?
Who would win, the New 52 Justice League vs Goku and Lord Beerus?
Who would win, North Korea vs South Korea in a tug of war competition?
Ezio vs Talion: Who would come out on top?
Who's the strongest person Obama could beat in a fist fight?
Who would win if they fought?
Who would win, Shoot McMahon or Knuckle Bine?
Who'd win, Halo Elite/Sangheili with an Energy Sword vs WH40K Space Marine Captain Titus with a Thunder Hammer?
Could two swordsmen with a month's worth of training beat one swordsman with twenty years of training?
Who would be victorious out of Gorilla vs buffalo. My friends have been arguing about this for a while now, and why?
Roy Mustang vs. Fire Lord Ozai: Who would have the edge?
If a human fought a tiger without any weapons what would likely be the outcome? Would man stand a chance?
Who would win this brawl: One F-22 Raptor vs the Japanese Fleet at Midway?
If Captain America and Batman were in a hand-to-hand fight, no weapons, gadgets, or shields, then who would win?
If Russia wipes Britain off the face of the earth with nuclear strikes, will the United States launch nuclear strikes on Russia by entering into a Mutually Assured Destruction?
Who would win in a fight between a red fox and a wallaby?
Who would win in a fight between Sinestro and Superman vs Darkseid?
How soon is world war 3 likely to happen?
Who will win if there is a war between the US and Germany?
Could a WW3 kill as much as 1/3 of humanity without nukes?
Who would win in a war: the U.S. vs Russia and China?
In a fight between career and parents, what will you choose?
Who would win, Saltwater crocodile vs polar bear?
Could an adult male Chimp beat a Humboldt Squid?
Who would win a war between the Roman Empire at its height and an american army corps.?
Who would win, Ben 10 vs Goku | Naruto | Kurosaki Ichigo | Kirby | Kratos | Sephiroth | Specter | Living Tribunal?
How does combat performance differ between US military branches?
Who would win, Kylo Ren, Rey and Finn vs Darth Sidious?
Instead of swapping minds with Spider-Man, Doctor Octopus manage to do it with Batman, how does the Superior Batman do in Gotham?
What melee weapon would allow an average man to 8/10 defeat a fully grown angry Kodiak Bear ?
What is the largest, strongest non-human primate that a human could defeat in a fight, either for self defense or with an intent to kill or knock out?
Lucas from Mother 3 runs a gauntlet, if he had to fight all these characters in order of least powerful to most powerful, how far would he get?
Who would win in a fight, Chuck Norris or Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Who would be the victor out of Ragnaros, the Firelord vs. An army of 11-year olds with squirty water guns, and why?
Who would win this duel: Sheev Palpatine vs Trunks Brief at masking powers. Who appears weaker?
All of the versions of the Joker in a great hunger games style battle royal
Who'd win, Jotaro vs Kenshiro?
Who would win, Jehuty vs Wing Zero?
Who would win in a battle between a Chacma baboon and a mandrill?
A rival practitioner has summoned Bartimaeus, djinni, and sent it after Harry Dresden, wizard. Who wins the fight? Who has the best combat banter?
Who would win, The Punisher, John Wick, Deathstroke and Deadshot vs Quiet , Sniper Wolf , Furiosa and Black Widow?
Can the Powerpuff Girls make Krypto the SuperDog take a bath if he doesn't want to?
The army of evil in the last movie you watched is facing off against the army of good from the second last movie you watched, how did it go?
Who will win the war between Apple Car Play vs Android Auto?
Who would win this battle: Sttgl vs marvle and dc?
What if Germany becomes the strongest military in Europe again?
Who will win a fight between Iron man and Joker?
What are the reasons for the enmity between Iran and Saudi Arabia? Who would win if there was war between Iran and Saudi Arabia?
Who would win, The Shadow Man vs. Tamatoa at making an awesome light show?
Could the formidable Kree warrior, Captain Mar-Vell defeat Superman?
100 Strigoi VS 100 Vampires: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight between the three Sannin and Naruto Sasuke with Sakura?
Who would win an imaginary fight between Chuck Norris and Stevan Seagal?
Who would claim victory out of MCU match: Nanto-tech Iron man vs Kurse, and why?
Who'd win, Batman with The Bat Mobile Vs Twisted Metal Universe?
Who would win on an open field with equal numbers for their army: Genghis Khan or Alexander the Great?
Could the United States theoretically conquer the rest of North America, and South America as well, given their military might?
Who would win in a war between the Cybermen and the Terminators?
Who would win, Twigo vs "The Black Claw" Ren?
In a battle to the death against some number of ordinary ants, at what number of ants would you feel that you were at a disadvantage?
Who would win in a war between the Galactic Empire and the Tau Empire?
Between a long sword vs. a rapier, which will win in a fight between equally skilled swordsmen?
Tony Stark takes a break and is replaced by Kirk Lazarus as Sgt. Lincoln Osiris: Who would win?
Who is stronger: the Dark Phoenix or Hela, The Goddess of Death?
Who would be the winner out of Ghost Rider 1 Vs Ghost Rider 2, and why?
Who will win the new space race and what will it do for their global power and/or prestige?
Who would win in a fight between Itachi and Shisui Uchiha when they were in their prime?
Who'd win, 10,000 kangaroos vs. 15 T-rexes?
Who would win, Gregor Clegane vs a few Heavyweight Boxers in a fisticuffs Trial by Combat?
Who would win this battle: Kubo vs Abraham Lincoln?
If they were independent countries, who would win in a war between Texas and California?
Who would win a fight between Jason Stathem and Conor McGregor?
Who would win a fight between the Krayt dragon and Revan?
Who is the weakest character that could beat Rand al'Thor at hand to hand combat?
How many unarmed humans would it take to defeat a bloodlust tiger?
Who would win in a fight, Mewtwo or Superman?
Humanity, as a whole, decides to end all non-human animal life on earth.
What do military historians think of the tactical decisions made during Battle of the Bastards by Jon Snow and Ramsay Bolton?
What would win in a fight, the Yamato vs the Bismarck and the Tirpitz?
Who would win in a knife fight, someone who knows escrima or someone who knows fencing?
The Prince of Persia with the Sands of Time vs. Ezio Auditore with the Piece of Eden: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, a mountain lion or Wolverine?
If two people had a race to finish identical jigsaw puzzles, would the person with the higher IQ out of the two be more likely to win?
Why is Putin's army losing the war in Syria?
If all 8 Batmen fought each other to the death, who would win?
Rowing: Who would win in a race: john biglow or tiff wood?
Street Sharks v Biker Mice From Mars
You Can Summon Any Character Within Injustice 2 To Serve/Protect You, whose the strongest character you can defeat? Who would win?
Who will win in a battle between One Punch Man Saitama and Superman?
Every Ape on the Planet with the knowledge to drive vehicles vs Every Dog on the Planet with the knowledge to fire weapons.
Who would win, Clifford the Big Red Dog vs Indominus rex?
Who would win between Juggernaut and Cosmic Armor Superman?
Who will win between Goku and Escanor?
Who would win this duel: luffy vs galactus?
Who would win out of Batman vs Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter, and why?
Goku has to live on a earth ended in nuclear fire, can he survive for ten years.
Who would win, Obscure, New or Unused Character/Canon Discussion for 2/8/2015?
Who would win in a fight between 20 professional airsoft players with BB guns vs. a Taekwondo black belt with knuckle dusters and a baseball bat?
Who would win, master swordsman vs grizzly bear
Who would win, White Lantern Batman Vs. Ssj Blue Goku?
Who would win, Batman Beyond and Superman vs The Justice League?
Can Ghost Rider Beat Thanos in Infinity Gauntlet Movie?
Who'd win a war between North Korea vs Australia and New Zealand?
If the Emperor of Mankind fought Superman, who would win?
Stranger Than Fiction, who is the strongest character the author can write to death?
If the U.S. fought with no regards for human life in war , would we win more wars but with more casualties?
Who would win in a fight between Galactus and Beerus?
In a battle to death who would win: a human or ten wolves?
You at age 8-13 vs. your own Mother. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Gandalf and Dumbledore or Harry Potter, Luke Skywalker, and the Seven Demigods?
Pack of 6 Deinonychus vs pack of 6 Jurassic Park Raptors: Who would be the champion?
Who would win this combat: X-Men vs One Piece?
How can Razor defeat the Phantom Troupe when they are grouped together in the Hunter x Hunter anime?
Who would win, Seth or Akuma?
Who would be able to bear the one ring?
In their prime, who do you think would win? Tyson, Ali, Bruce Lee, Chuck Norris, Wesley Snipes, Jet Li, Jackie Chan, or Rutten?
Which sin provides the best motivation in a fight?
Before making contact with Europe, Native Americans independently evolve working, biological wings. Does European colonization still 'succeed'?
Who'd win, Lord Voldemort with Ronan’s staff from Guardians of the Galaxy vs Thor, Loki, Hela, Anakin, Wonder Woman, & Sinestro?
Mandalorians vs Klingons: Who would be the victor?
What if every single free country in the world had joined the Axis against the US, the UK, France, and the Soviet Union in WWII?
Every country gets superpowers as described in their national anthems. Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Katara Vs. Crocodile, and why?
Who is the strongest person Pier Gerlofs Donia can beat?
Who would win in a total war between all ancient empires at their height?
Who would win in a fight, Genie from Aladdin vs Allah?
Who would win, Torkio top tiers vs Izayoi Sakamaki and Vampire Hunter D?
Protect the Vault
Who'd win, Winter Soldier vs Black Panther?
Who would win a fight between Mike Tyson and George Foreman - if both fighters were in their prime?
Who would be the champion out of Current garou vs All might, and why?
How well could France defend itself if it went to war with Russia right now?
Who'd win, A silverback gorilla vs a polar bear?
Strongest dinosaur a grizzly bear could take?
Who would win, 10 ostriches or a full-size grizzly bear?
Which would win; the United States of America+South Korea or North Korea in an all-out war for control of the Korean peninsula
Who would win, The Uruk-Hai vs Every Goat in North America?
Using one of mankind's greatest tools of war- propaganda- how would you convince a superior alien military force that Earth is too terrifying to invade?
Who would come out on top out of Green Lantern vs Wonder Woman vs Martian Manhunter vs Flash, and why?
Who'd win, Composite Organism Vs Humanity/Omniverse?
Who would win this fight: Wile E. Coyote vs. Ralph E. Wolf?
Humanity decides that we're going to band together to kill every ant in the world. Can we do it?
Who would be the winner out of Riven Vs Lightning, and why?
Suddenly at the beginning of the airport battle during Captain America: Civil War the Bifrost sends another team into the fray: Team Thor
How would Germany benefit if Mexico was to enter the war?
Who would be the champion out of Darkseid vs. a team of Android 17, Darth Vader, Jack Noir, The Dragonborn, Super Sonic, Avatar-state Aang, and Gilgamesh, and why?
Who would win, Superman vs Darkseid?
Who would win, Sludge Villain/Fodder Villain vs Toshinori Yagi/All Might with One For All quirk at 50%?
Who wins in a fight between the Heart of the Monster Hulk and Maestro Hulk?
Who would win in a fight between a coyote and a dingo?
Who would be the champion out of Whis combat speed vs Superman combat speed, and why?
Who would win this match: Bull Moose vs American Bison?
Who would win, Palpatine or Revan?
Solid Snake vs Sheik: Who would win?
Your country has defeated the Baltic states in a war. What peace terms will you impose upon them?
Who would win in a fight, Piccolo or Hulk?
Who would win in a fight between Neo and River Tam?
Your superhero archetype vs your supervillain archetype
Why did Japan invade Asian countries during WWII?
Who would win in a war between the United Kingdom and Warcraft's Scourge?
March Madness
Solid Snake vs Agent 47 vs Sam Fisher vs Naked Snake: Who would come out on top?
Who would win if all the Batman villains fought, Hunger Games style?
Who will win the race to colonize the moon, the United States or China?
Who would win in a fight between Fingolfin and Gandalf?
Who'd win, Gorilla Grodd vs. The Fantastic Four?
Who would win between Vlad the Impaler and Attila the Hun?
How would the average military life change if the US went to war with North Korea?
Who would win, Nightwing vs Blue Beetle?
Who would win in a fight between Boruto and Gon Freecss?
Who would win in a fight between Gandalf and Gothmog?
In 1850, the UK declares war on Thailand in order to colonize it. What would have happened?
r/whowouldwin presents Bad Blood 2017
Who would win, Spartacus and Crixus vs Brock Samson and Henchmen 21?
Who would win, the Mystic Gohan vs. Kefla base?
Weakest character to Solo Jurassic Park
In a three way war between Russia, China, and the US, as in all of them fighting each other at the same time , who would win?
Who would win in a one-on-one combat between King Robert Baratheon and King Stannis Baratheon?
Who would win in a war between ISIS and Vietnam?
Who would be the winner out of U.S. President Richard Nixon vs. Earth President Richard Nixon, and why?
Who would win, "Thought Robot" Cosmic Armor Superman vs "Judge of Marvel" The Living Tribunal?
Who would win in a fight between Zeus and Sun Wukong?
Dictator Bowl: All nations that have had a dictator in the past attempt world domination
Voldemort is also hired by Vader to capture Solo and co. can the others compete: Who would come out on top?
Every dog breed fights to the death. Which breed survives?
Who would win, Iron Man or Dr. Strange?
Who would win in a fight between Black Panther and Spider-Man?
In a fight between the DCEU's Steppenwolf and Doomsday, who would win?
Gaara Vs Toph: Who would be the champion?
Rhino Vs Crickets: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Caulifla or Monna?
Juggernaut is imbued with the Spirit of Vengeance. Who can the Unstoppable Ghost Rider defeat?
Katniss Everdeen and Oliver Queen enter the Hunger Games. Both are armed with a bow each, the arena from The Hunger Games film and at least 6 arrows each. Both have water to drink and clothes Oliver wears on Lian Yu, that Katniss wears in first Hunger Games. Who survives and why: Who would win?
Who would win a fist fight between Attila the Hun and Genghis Khan?
General Grievous vs Outriders: Who would win?
Did the demise of the sport of cricket in America merely coincide with the Civil War, or was there more to it?
Could the Nazgul take on a balrog since Gandalf beat one and Gandalf couldn't beat them after a night of fighting?
Who would be the winner out of Ultra Instinct Goku vs God Cloth Seiya, and why?
In a battle between Deathstroke and Master Chief, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Ravana and Karna/Arjuna?
If a civil war started in Britain between the Leave and Remain camps, who would win?
Every hero and villain with "Doctor" in their name at actually being a doctor
Who would come out on top out of Crocodile VS Gaara, and why?
Who would win this fight: Dinosaurs vs current animals?
If the US sent 10 of their aircraft carriers to the Black Sea and intervened in the Ukraine crisis, who would win?
What happens to the Heads of State of the United Kingdom and Canada should one country or another declare war on the other?
each Pokemon from Leaf Green and Fire Red VS the entire Orc Army from the third Lord of the Rings movie
Can a cougar defeat a grizzly bear in a fight?
If every animal somehow gained human level intelligence and went to war with every army in the world, which side would win?
1 Average Man Vs 5 Angry Billy Goats: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Assassin's vs Navy Seals H2H?
Who would win in a fight, Daredevil or Black Widow?
Is it possible to win in horse racing in India?
In the event of a US - China military conflict, how would the fact that the Chinese military has virtually no combat experience affect the outcome?
Who would win a war between Sri Lanka and Mongolia?
The Official Who Would Win Podcast Hosts
How can an average Joe win a fight against a big, muscular guy?
Who would win, Japan vs South Korea?
What would have happened if the 1967 skirmishes on India-China border manifested into a full-scale war?
Son Goku and Superman are at a party in a bar, and both of them get insanely crapulous and decide to have a friendly brawl in a drunken stupor. Who gets the snot beat out of who: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Which Bond would win in a fight?
Ned Land vs. Moby Dick: Who would be the winner?
Comic book superhero/villain all out war. Who would win?
Who Would Win in a fight: A ten foot grizzly bear or a great white shark? --- in five feet of water.
Who'd win, Sombra vs North Korea, China, and Russia ina hacking war?
Labrador puppy vs baby chimp battle of the cutest: Who would be victorious?
United Federation Of Planets Vs The Shadows: Who would win?
Who'd win, Marvel VS DC?
Is there a dog breed which is able to defeat a lion or a tiger in a fight?
Who would win, Kenshin Himura, Battousai the Manslayer vs the legendary one-eyed samurai, Yagyū Jūbei Mitsuyoshi?
Is there a fight between who organizes better: the universe, nature or humans?
Who would win a tank battle between George Patton, Erwin Rommel and Heinz Guderian?
Let's say a shooting war between the USSR and the West broke out back in 1950, which side would win and why?
Who would be victorious out of Lil Dicky vs Mac Miller: Rap Battle, and why?
‘Tech death’ versus ‘melodic death metal’, which one wins?
Who'd win, Polar Bear vs Utah raptor?
Who would win, IW iron man vs dceu superman?
Who'd win, A highly trained naked unarmed 200lb man vs. literally any 200lb animal?
Who do you think would win in a fist fight between Obama and Putin?
Your favorite character gets four random pokémon attacks; can they run this gauntlet?
Off Topic Movie and Television Questions and Discussion 4/3/15
One in five Republicans want Trump to drop out of the race. Can a candidate win with so many of their own party against them?
Who would win, Bugs Bunny or The One Above All?
A stereotypical WoW geek vs. a stereotypical Otaku vs. a stereotypical American vs. a stereotypical comic geek: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this battle: Polar Bear vs. Siberian tiger vs. Silverback Gorilla?
Who would win, Copy Gyrll or Goku God Ki?
What if Wilhelm II kept Bismarck in power? Would there be WWI?
Who would win, Enchantress vs Incubus?
What's the weakest ant-sized historical army that could defeat a naked human?
Who would win, Shisame or Gohan?
Why did Obama win the Nobel Peace Prize? Do you think Trump deserves one if he can negotiate the denuclearization and make peace between North Korea and the US, which will finally end the Korean War?
Will India send it’s troops to the Maldives as requested by the Maldives former president?
Saitama v.s Blue Marvel
Which countries will be allies if WWIII breaks out?
You with the mind gem vs you with the power gem vs you with the space gem vs you with the reality gem vs you with the time gem Who would win?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 11/1/2015
Madara Uchiha vs Zebra: Who would claim victory?
If it came down to a fight between a combative US government and US citizens, who would win?
Why won't the Democrats accept defeat?
Changes Coming to WWW - The Road Ahead for the Year's End
Could North Korea survive a war without nuclear weapons?
Who would be the winner out of Modern Russian Spetznaz vs. Spartan in hand to hand combat, and why?
Who would win, Anakin Skywalker vs Luke Skywalker?
Australia vs America: Who would claim victory?
Who would come out on top out of Omar Little vs Sandor Clegane, and why?
Which one wins in a battle, a Bengal Tiger or a Gigantopithecus?
Help me settle a bet with my boyfriend, who would win in a fight between Daenerys with her dragons and Iron Man?
Who would win this combat: Wonder Woman vs Marvel Females?
Can India win a war against Pakistan only with the help of LCA Tejas?
Who would win, Plo koon vs Po?
Could a human beat a tiger in a fight?
Who'd win, Mami Tomoe vs Kurumi Tokisaki?
Who would win in a war between the United Kingdom and Canada?
Who'd win, Mr. Freeze and Scarecrow Vs Dr. Octopus and Vulture?
Assuming both at their peak, who would win a fight: Martha Kent or Martha Wayne?
Who would win a war between Brazil and Chile? Why?
Who would win this fight: Ymir vs Surtur?
Why have samurai and ninja have been popularized when the Japanese haven't been able to win battles with them against other people?
Who would win this punch-up: A 165lb Red Kangaroo and Conor McGregor walk into an Octagon?
CW Flash just done fucked up Rick C-137's timeline, and pretty much all of the multiverse. Barry crossed Rick, badly. How would their fight turn out: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, The crew of Inception vs. the MCU?
Who'd win, Pirates Vs. Ninjas?
Who'd win, Saitama vs. Batman?
If China and India fight, would Chinese companies in India be affected by the Enemy Properties Act?
Who'd win, Genghis Khan vs. Easter Bunny?
Who would be the victor out of Bidoof vs Charging Badger, and why?
Can The Punisher successfully clear the plot of Batman: Arkham City?
Who would win in a fight between Megalodon and Mosasaurus?
Will there be a WW3? And when it is most likely to occur?
How many clones of FDR would it take to beat Hitler in a purely HTH fight?
Who would win, Justice League vs Thanos and his Black Order?
What is the strongest animal you could kill given you are wearing a full set of medieval plate armor?
Who would win the war between Saudi Arabia and Vietnam?
Who would win, Beerus vs Hulk?
If a country was being attacked by ships and jets from, let’s just say, Japan how would they counter attack?
Who'd win, The Troll from Three Billy Goats Gruff vs The Wolf from The Three Little Pigs?
Every Animal Seen in The Lion King VS Every Animal Seen in Ice Ages 1, 2, and 3
Who would win, Slenderman or Batman?
Detective Hunger Games
Who wins in a death battle, a bear with jedi training but no light saber or a giraffe with psychic powers and a small dagger taped to it's neck?
How many human beings would it take to kill Gru from Despicable Me in an area-like fist fight brawl to the death?
Who would win, Steppenwolf vs Batman?
Who would win this brawl: Batman and Daredevil fuse together to create Bat-Devil. Who can he beat that neither of them could beat individually?
Who would win in a fight between the movie versions of Wolverine and Thor?
Who would win, Calliou vs Saitama?
Who would win, Cecil Harvey vs. Bartz Klauser vs. Locke Cole vs. Cloud Strife vs. Squall Leonhart vs. Zidane Tribal vs. Tidus vs. Balthier vs. Lightning?
Who is the weakest single person who could stop an invasion by the Battle Cats?
Who would win in a fight, Marco Diaz or Finn The Human?
Who will win between RCB vs. SRH in the IPL opening match today?
Is it possible to make a single-player video game where you can switch between a linear and a nonlinear, like how you can switch between the new and the old in the Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary video game?
Who would win out of Catfight! - Black Cat vs Catwoman - Rowr, and why?
Who is the most powerful fire user?
How many Yorkshire Terriers would it take to kill a deer?
Faith Vs Combine Citadel: Who would be victorious?
1980 USA vs Soviet Union if they renounced war: Who would have the edge?
r/whowouldwin presents Great Balls of Fire 2018
Who would win a war between Oman and Kuwait?
What if North Korea attacked Israel?
Participation Trophy for March 2018 Week 1
Black Panther and Klaw vs Aquaman and Black Manta: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Obama vs. Hitler?
Who would win, Daredevil vs Hawkeye?
Fortnite Skin Battle Royale
Who will win in a war between Nigeria and Ghana in this present Nigerian economic recession?
Who would win, 3 Mako Sharks from Deep Blue Sea vs a Megalodon?
Can USA defeat Greece?
Who'd win, Thor vs Wonder Woman?
Current Team star fox is tasked with destroying the death star. Can they do it?
Who would win in an epic battle between Odin and Superman?
Who would win in a fight, Spider-man or Storm?
Who'd win, Homer Simpson vs. Peter Griffin?
Weakest Character that could defeat the God-Emperor of Mankind in his prime?
What's the best martial arts for a smaller person looking to overpower a larger person in a fight?
Tournament of Might: Round 1 Voting
Who would win, the Alien Mothership from Independence Day 2 with five Daedalus-class ships or Earth from Stargate with Earth's F-302 Defense Squadron? How do you think the battle might play out?
Every teacher in your high school/college in a Battle Royale
Who would win in a fight, Kid Goku or Sasuke?
Is Mercedes really helping Rosberg to win races and world championship 2016?
Who would have the edge out of Silver back gorilla vs pack of 5 wolves, and why?
In a battle between an Eclipse Class Super Star Destroyer and a Gloriana Class Battleship, which would win?
Who would be the champion out of RWBY vs. Space Marines, and why?
Who would have the edge out of A Roomba encrusted with infinity stones vs every dog in the world but each dog is as smart as Batman, and why?
Who would win, Venomized Hulk or Carnagized Abomination?
His Final Battle
Who would give Archangel Tyrael the best fight in DC/Marvel?
Who'd win, Team RWBY VS Greek Mythos Monsters?
Who'd win, Red Kangeroo vs Mountain Lion?
Superman, Hulk and Goku are all now gods with infinite power and ability... limited only by their anti-feats! Who wins this three way brawl?
Who would win in Kaguya & Madara vs SSBK Goku?
Who will win in a war between present-day China and the USSR at its greatest zenith and power?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between Napoleonic France at its peak and Swedish Empire at its peak?
If Singapore and Malaysia go to war, which country will emerge victorious?
Woolly Mammoth vs African Elephant
Overlord runs the Index Gauntlet
Who would win, Dust vs Carol Tea?
Who would be the victor out of Bengal Tiger Vs a Great White Shark, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Etrigan or Despero?
How powerful would Level 5 Espers be in Worm Universe?
Metal Bat vs Metal Bat's Bat: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight, Kakashi or Obi-Wan?
Who would be the champion out of Hyena clan vs Wolf pack, and why?
Avada Kedavra Comprehensive Guideline
Who would win in a fight,a Pitbull or Labrador?
Who would win out of Current Spider-Man vs Batman and Nightwing, and why?
Who is the strongest vague, yet menacing government agency? And who is the most powerful terrestrial supernatural evil? Could the former effectively contain or combat the latter?
How do you win a fight of logic versus emotion in real-world scenarios when the majority is on the side of emotion?
Who'd win, Superman vs pocket sand?
Which one will win in an aerial combat between the French Omnirole 4++, General Rafale, and the Chinese Multirole 4++ General J-20? Why?
The 1972 Miami Dolphins vs. The 2008 Detroit Lions: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a war between the FNAF fandom and Undertale fandom?
Komodo dragon vs. unarmed human, who would win in a fight?
Who would win this war: Fox vs Cat?
Who would be the victor out of Voldemort & Grindelwald vs Snoke & Palpatine, and why?
How many people are going to die in WW3?
Master Chief vs every single pre firearms-era soldier in human history: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, the Joker or Deathstroke?
Who would win this duel: Jotaro Kujo Vs Akihiko Sanada?
Can Human Torch technically kill Groot by burning him up?
Instead of normal vision, you now have full-range visual clairvoyance within a sphere centered on a point between your eyes with a radius equal to your height and are blind to anything outside it. Who is the strongest character you can defeat in 1v1 melee combat?
Who'd win, Jason Vorhees vs Shaggy and Scooby with a water bottle?
Who would win, Golden Ape Goku or GT SS Goku?
If Saitama fought the Beyonders,The Presence And The One Above All who would win?
The Traman vs. Donald Trump in a boxing match: Who would be the winner?
How would a fight between Thanos and Bruce Almighty go down?
What will happen if Myanmar invades Malaysia in retaliation for helping the Rohingya refugees?
Who would be the champion out of Blood bending vs metal bending vs lava bending vs combustion vs lightning vs flying: which is the best, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Juvia Lockser or Haku?
Who would win, Sokka vs a raging bull Elephant?
Who would win, The Furious Five and Po vs Team Avatar?
Who would win in a fight, a silver back gorilla or a Bengal tiger?
Who would win a fight between Jon Snow & Jaime Lannister?
Who would come out on top out of Dragonknight vs Dragonborn, and why?
By how wide of a margin will Bernie need to win California to stay in the race / win the nomination?
Who would win the USA or Wakanda?
Who would win, A Crocodile whose tail is a Snake vs. a Bear with proportionately large Eagle Wings?
I know this guy who thinks MLP characters can beat Sonic characters. Can you guys disprove them?
Who would win in a fight, Xenomorphs vs Neomorphs?
Who would be the victor out of Robin vs Cat Noir, and why?
Who is the least powerful character who can defeat the Yeerk invasion?
What would it take to defeat the Unstoppable Spider-sand-flying-fire-lightspeed-gravity-man?
Who would win in naval warfare in the South China Sea between China and The United States?
Who would win in a battle to the death between the Dragonborn and the Hulk?
Who would win, Navy Seal vs. Spartan?
You have mastery of the shadow clone technique, $6 billion, and 6 years time. What is the strongest country you can coup d'etat? Who would win?
Who would win the war between the USA and the UK if it occurs?
Spidey vs Bats: Who would be victorious?
If the entire Halo Universe fought the entire Star Wars universe, who would win?
Reepicheep vs. Redwall: Who would be the winner?
Who would come out on top out of Stratten Oakmont starts a new IPO . He is hoping to net billions instead of millions so he branches out to the cosmos to find the most persuasive people in the universe to use as stock brokers. Who does he call and who has the most success, and why?
Who would win in a battle between the Spartans and the Space Marines?
Who would win in a fight, Acnologia or Jiren?
Who'd win, Deadpool vs Wolverine?
Who'd win, God Of Death Flash VS Any Fictional Character Of Your Choosing In A Footrace?
In the event of a race war in the Elder Scrolls universe, wouldn't the Argonians win? Why or why not? If not, who would win, and why?
Could A-Bomb beat Hulk in a fight?
Who would win in a battle of insults between Groucho Marx and Winston Churchill?
Who would win in a war between USA and Somalia?
In an animal battle royale to the death who wins, a male adult polar bear, a silverback gorilla, a female hippopotamus, a pack of wolves, an adult alligator or a yak with horns sharpened like knives? They are caged and blindfolded.
What would happen if at the start of World War 2 German's torpedo fuse and warhead works perfectly like Japanese Type 93 'Long lances' and not plagued by technical failure?
Who would come out on top out of A pack of wolves vs a pack of hyenas, and why?
Which would win in an engagement between the F-15C and a Eurofighter Typhoon?
Who would win, Yellow Lantern Batman vs. Ghost Rider?
Who would win this battle: Champion of Elder Gods Scorpion Vs Winx Club Fairies?
Which are the countries likely to be involved in WW3?
Who would win between 10 Gearing class destroyers and IJN Yamato?
Mixed Martial Arts: Who would win a fight or come out on top between Bruce Lee, Jet Li, Jackie Chan, Chuck Norris, Steven Seagal, Jason Statham, Michael Jai White, Wesley Snipes, Tony Jaa, Donnie Yen, Scott Adkins and Jean-Claude Van Damme?
Who would win, Chuck Norris vs Jiren?
Who would win this duel: The Imperium of Man vs. Equestria?
Who would win between Aeon Obsidian Tank and Leman Russ Vanquisher?
Who would win this duel: Genos vs. Hiro Shishigami?
Who would win, Shadow Stalker vs Shadowcat?
What is the largest animal that you can kill with a knife?
Who would win this fight: Xenomoprhs vs Acid-proof raptors?
Who would win, Goku post his SSJ Blue anger or a reinforced sniper bullet?
A Tsukune Aono who could tranform into various Tyranid Units Versus the Major Villains of Season 1 of Rosario + Vampire: Who would be victorious?
If a manipulator of darkness fought an Earth manipulator, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Charles Xavier and Kilgrave?
Who would win in a war between the country of Georgia, the US state of Georgia, and Georgian-era Great Britain?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and x23?
Who would win, A Problem you Faced vs. Darkseid, The God of Apokolips?
Who would win, Lucifer Morningstar or Thanos with Infinity Gauntlet?
Who would win this war: Batman’s villains vs Spider Man’s villains?
Who would win, SSGSS Vegeta vs Great Ape Baby Vegeta?
"The Disney Afternoon" Brawl
Who'd win, Survival Contest! Average Joe Vs Navy Seal?
Who'd win, Batman vs Peter Griffin?
Participation Trophy for December 2017 Week 2
Would The Enterprise-D Crew have been destroyed by the Jem'Hadar during their first contact or would they win?
Hypothetical race: between a high end bicycle from 2016, and the average motorcycle from 1920, who do you think would win, and why: Who would have the edge?
If the royal succession is settled by combat, which family would sit on the Iron Throne?
You gain the abilities and powers of the characters you defeat. How do you defeat Darkseid in 5 or less fights? Who would win?
Who would win in a war between China and Russia?
Would Saitama beat your favorite character?
Genji v. Gray Fox
Who would win, one vampire vs SEAL Team Six?
If there's a war in Africa, is there any African country that'll be able to win Nigeria?
Who'd win, Joe Yabuki vs Ippo Makunouchi at Joe's natural weight in a boxing match?
Say in 1982 there was a 300 mile land border between the US and USSR, and the USSR invaded, could the US win a defensive war?
With our modern technology, if earth were invaded by a race that had tech like in Tron Legacy, sirens, ships, tanks, shields, and mother ships, could we win?
Who would win, Kite or Biscuit Krueger?
Who would be the champion out of MAN vs WOLF, and why?
Who would win: Spider-Man vs. Iron Man vs. Wolverine?
Who would win between octopus, whale and shark?
Who would win this brawl: Hunters across time vs Argentinosaurus?
Who would win, Zuno vs Alternate Goku?
Who would win, a crew of SWAT or a tanki boi?
A peak human has all of his abilities multiplied by a factor of a trillion. Who is the most powerful character that Trillion Man could defeat?
100 Navy Seals are sent back in time to where present day Skagen, Denmark is in the year 500BC. How big can they make their empire?
If the Polish Army from 2016 fought the Nazi Germany Army from 1939, then who exactly would win?
Who would win in a fight, Deadpool or Godzilla?
Who would win, Deadpool or Galactus?
Who would win, Section 9 vs Overwatch?
How many toddlers could you take in a fight?
Your favorite animal vs your least favorite animal
If all the characters in “Avengers: Infinity War” with their full power as seen in the movie fight against the Justice League, who would win?
What is the difference between a modern military combat rifle and an assault rifle?
You with a baseball bat vs unlimited radroaches. How many could you take down before you're overcome? No VATS! Who would win?
Could the Hulk from 2003 movie defeat Thanos from the MCU? Why or why not?
Humanity vs. wolf rain: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Weakest who could beat a category 10 ghost ?
Who would win this fight: A cat in a dog's body vs. a dog in a cat's body?
If there could possibly be a battle between Anakin Skywalker and Kylo Ren, how would that play out and who would win? What about between Darth Vader and Kylo Ren?
Was it a mistake for the US Navy to halt production of the Zumwalt-class destroyers after just 3 ships? And if so, just how big of a mistake was it?
How would real humans with omni-gear from Attack on Titan do against a Titan invasion?
Why don't you run this animal ladder?
Who would win between Boba Fett and Master Chief?
Who would win in a fight between Padmé Amidala and MCU’s Jane Foster?
Would any country benefit economically by a China and US war?
Every single video game boss in a battle royale. Who wins?
An Orca vs a T-Rex
Who would win in an all-out war between India and South Africa?
Who would win, Bigby Wolf vs King Kong?
Tony Stark is dropped into the Star Wars Universe with nothing but the clothes on his back. How long until the Galaxy kneels to him?
MCU Ant-Man must make it through all 3 of Raimi's Spider-Man movies
Fuck it: Kratos vs. Yahweh
Who would win: Deadpool 2 Juggernaut and MCU Cull Obsidian Vs. MCU Hulk and Deadpool 2 Juggernaut?
Strongest character Gaara can beat without using sand
Is there a good system to win at horse racing?
Can ant-sized Superman kill skyscraper-sized Homer Simpson?
What if every country went to war with each other?
Who would win in a no holds barred fight, DCU Superman or MCU Thor, based on the most current version of each character?
Who would win in a fight between Bahubali and Hulk?
If a silverback gorilla and a grizzly bear were to fight to the death, who would win?
Can Daredevil beat Nightwing in a fight?
Who would have won in a war between Germany and Japan in 1939? All other countries remain neutral and allow free passage. Both belligerents can commit genocide of the peoples under its control, including POW's.
Who is the strongest character HowToBasic could defeat in a battle to the death?
What was Adolf Hitler going to do if he won World War 2?
You gain the mass of any creature you kill and eat. Who's the strongest character you could beat after 24 hours. Who would win?
Who would win this combat: David West from the Pacers vs. Carlos Boozer from the Bulls?
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs Genos?
In the scenario of WW3 or a war between powers like Russia and China vs. the US and Western Europe, who would India side with?
If languages were people and fought, would Finnish win because its words sound so strong?
Who would win, Goku vs the God-Emperor of Mankind?
If the Christian God had a human form, who is the strongest character s/he could defeat, based off of his/her feats in the bible?
If Kamala Harris is the California democratic party senate nominee will she win her race simply because California will vote blue?
Who would win, Superman vs Captain Marvel?
Who would win, Grand Master Luke or Abeloth?
Who would win in a fight, Joäshites or Amikäfers?
Why did the Russians win the siege of Lankaran when they were outnumbered, outgunned, and fighting against an entrenched enemy?
Who will win the 2017-18 battle between England and Australia?
How many bloodlusted 5 year olds could Rational Man With A Shotgun take in a fight?
Is it possible for a Strong human to defeat a saltwater crocodile barehanded?
Who would win in a fight between King Thor in Thor Ragnarok and DCEU Superman?
Why do so many questions on Quora deal with fighting or war? There are so many questions to be asked in the world, yet hypothetical wars are popular!
Who would win this battle: SCP-682 vs. SCP-1128?
Hypothetically, who would win a war between NATO and Russia if we assume the US did not participate?
Who is the strongest person my character All-man can beat?
A peak human has mastered every martial art known to man. What is the strongest animal he can defeat?
What if the two largest predatory dinosaurs, fought each other?
Who would win in an eating contest: Snorlax or Honey Boo Boo's Mom?
Who would win this punch-up: Saxton Hale vs Shirtless Bear Fighter?
Who would win in a fight, Optimus Prime or Darth Vader?
Who would win in a fight to the death. 140 German WW2 SS Officers Vs 45 trained Navy Seals
Who would win a war between LAPD against WW2 German and Italy?
Who would win, Djinns vs Stands?
Who would win if the Flash and Hulk had a fight?
Who would win in a Bikers vs. Mobsters brawl?
PETA steals and kills John Wick's dog. How many of them will he be able to kill: Who would be the winner?
Battle of Thermopylae Force Add: 16th Century Mercenaries
Who will win the American League wild card race?
Who would win, The Flash vs Supergirl?
If WW1 and WW2 were fought without weaponry, who would win?
After defeating Harry Potter, Voldemort begins his assault on the muggle world by destroying a cat food factory. Enraged, the global cat population begins a counter-assault
Who'd win, Batman has gone to face the Joker. But when he got to the hideout, Joker is jn a swivel chair and has become a sith lord?
Who would win, Ghost Rider Vs Etrigan?
Who'd win, France vs USA, Russia and China?
In a volleyball match between the top women's and men's teams, who would win?
Who would have the edge out of Orange Lantern Mr. Krabs vs Orange Lantern Scrooge McDuck, and why?
Who would win this duel: Beast vs Colossus?
How do I win at the horse race machines?
Who would win in a fight between Marvel and PlayStation?
How many children can Frisk take on at once? You have telepathic control of the kids.
Who would win a war between Iron Man and Batman due to both being billionaires and having enough money to invest in their own weapons?
Who would win in a fight, Godzilla or Indominus Rex?
Who would win this battle: Link vs. Chief Thunder?
Who would win, Aang with an air rifle vs Katara with a water gun vs Zuko with a flamethrower vs Toph with shurikens?
Who would win, A liger vs. a dire wolf from ASOIAF?
If, during war, all others in your platoon are almost dead, would you fight further or retreat to your regiment and attack later?
If highly advanced "Muggles" were to battle Wizards, who would win?
Who would win a king cobra versus Australian brown snake?
Uh Oh!! The character you hate the most is banging your Waifu. All your anger is turning you into the Hulk. Can you stop them before they climax?
Who would win, Crocodile Dundee vs. Rambo?
Who would win in a flight race, Superman or Rainbow Dash?
Who would win, Ron Ford vs Chris Christie in a weapons free battle?
Who wins the race in PLCs, Siemens or Allen Bradley?
"World Record x7 billion man"
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke or Kratos?
Who will win the first World Cup match in 2015, India or Pakistan?
The great Mike Tyson war
Rin summons the Composite Animated/Live Action Wonder Woman. Can she win the Holy Grail War?
Let’s say WW3 starts and the USA loses, what happens to us in the US?
Who would be the champion out of Ten Grey Wolves versus Three Lions... with a Twist, and why?
Which would win in a fight between a Triceratops and a Stegosaurus?
Spawn vs Ghost Rider: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Chimpanzee vs Big Cat?
Who will win in a fight between Superman and Mr. Incredible?
A bear vs a walrus, but the walrus is made of cheese and the bear is lactose intolerant: Who would win?
Can you defeat Overwatch with these crazy conditions and weapons?
Battle of the Bows, who would win: Hawkeye, Katniss, Green Arrow, Merida, Legolas or Robin Hood? Why?
Who would win in a strategical battle between Batman from The Dark Knight Returns graphic novel and The Joker from The Dark Knight movie?
Lapis Lazuli vs Shadow Shido in Shido's Palace: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Beerus the Destroyer takes a trip into the Immaterium . Can the 4 Chaos Gods keep him satisfied enough that he won't destroy everything?
Midoriya Izuku vs. Asta: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Electro vs Darth Vader?
Who would win this combat: Spiderman villains vs. Batman villains?
Which superhero would be the most fun to be?
Who would in in a fight between Erik Prince and Godzilla?
Who would win, Hulk vs Bambina?
If a fight takes place between Itachi & Aizen, who would win?
Who would win, Natsu Vs. Ace?
Who would win, The Suicide Squad vs the Wolverines?
Who would win, Triple G or Conor McGregor?
Who would win this match: Rod Kimble actually acquires all the powers of Eagle, Fox, Bottlenose Doplhin, Octopus and House Cat. Can he beat Beast Boy?
Who would win, Vilgax vs Stepphenwolf?
Who would come out on top out of Batman vs. Edward in boxing, and why?
Who would win, Master Roshi, Tien, Piccolo, and Android 18 vs MSSJ Gotenks?
Who would have the edge out of The Gnostic Monad VS Saint Seiya, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Enterprise Starship and Superman?
If your favorite historical figure fought your least favorite, who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Deathstroke vs Black Panther, and why?
Who can prevent gorillas being mentioned on this sub for an entire month?
What are some good things the Bush administration did?
Who would win this fight: Chimpanzee vs Grey Wolf?
Who would win, Kraven vs Batman?
Can Iron Man defeat the Avengers like Batman can defeat The Justice League?
What's the toughest mission that ODST squad Alpha-Nine could take on?
Can Geralt of Rivia complete the 12 labours of Hercules?
Wei shen is sent to infiltrate your favorite criminal organisation, how far does he get?
Who would win, Apocalypse vs The Thinker?
God Emperor of Mankind vs Max-Competency Potterverse: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would be the winner out of Ivan Drago vs The Heavy in a boxing match, and why?
Who would win this duel: Silverback Gorilla vs African Lion?
In a hypothetical scenario in 1945, who would win a one-to-one war between U.S. and the USSR?
If a 5'7 150 guy fought a 5'9 190 pound guy with equal skill, who wins?
How does Doomguy stack up against your average space marine?
How many humans without weapons or armor would it take to defeat a tiger?
Who would win, lion sized praying mantis or full grown elephant
Strongest Jedi that a Vaderlusted Kylo Ren could defeat?
Who would win, Charlie Kelley Without his friends vs Shaggy without scooby-doo. Who lasts longest in a deserted, but well lit area, before freaking absolutely the fuck out. They can talk to one another and try to psych one another out?
If World War Z was real, what countries would survive?
So to keep things a little more fresh, how bout a cool list of superheroes we all may or may not remember. 1/2
If India attacks Pakistan with the aim to unite it back to India, who would win? Which countries will support each country in a war between India or Pakistan?
Light Yagami gets the powers of whoever he kills. How does he take over the Marvel 616 universe?
Who would win this combat: A rugby team vs a Great White Shark?
Who would win in a fight between Homer Simpson and Philip J. Fry?
Who would be the winner out of Thanos vs. 15,000 Nuclear warheads, and why?
Who would win in a war, West or East America?
Who would win, Snoo vs. The Napster Cat?
Who'd win, North Korea VS South Korea 1v1?
At birth Rational man with a shotgun learns that Raditz is coming to earth. He has 38 years to prepare for combat, what does he do?
Who would win a fight between Super Commando Dhruva and Spider Man?
Who would win out of Badass extinct animal battle: Giganotosaurus Vs Tyrannosaurs Rex, and why?
The Ghost Rider decides that Gotham City needs to be judged. Can The Bat stop him before he kills the villains?
Mewtwo vs Shadow: Who would be the victor?
Sentry, Gladiator, Hyperion, and Blue Marvel vs Superman, Wonder Woman, Martian Manhunter, and Shazam: Who would win?
Who would have the edge out of A Kangaroo Versus a Gorilla, and why?
Deadpool gets tossed into the goat simulator universe, could the universe make him bored of destruction?
Who would win, Chi Chi or SSJ Goku?
Who would win, the Indestructible Hulk or Shazam?
Eleven vs Scarlet Witch
Who'd win, Grizzly Bear vs Auroch Bull?
The cast of Dynasty Warriors is transported to future that we call Warhammer 40,000. Can they succeed in their battles?
Who would win, Dogs VS Cats VS Rats?
Who would win a battle to death between Namor and Juggernaut?
Who would win a fight between the ladies Britannia and Columbia?
Who would win, Son Goku vs Saitama?
Who would win if Gorilla Grodd fought Darth Vader?
Which two historical armies the furthest apart in time would have the most even battle?
Who would win out of Pickle Rick vs Ant man at the same size, and why?
Who would win, Killua vs Shoot?
Which fictional character would most likely browse this subreddit to get tips on how to approach a fight?
Strongest Imperial Aircraft that a C709 GA-TL1 Longsword can defeat.
The President has been kidnapped which bad dude do you send to save him?
What's so difficult about maintaining a standing army that the Romans could but their successors in the Middle Ages couldn't? Weren't mercenaries more expensive and less reliable?
the NCR manage to rebuild several thousand f-14 aircraft, and Humvees. How fucked is the Legion: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this brawl: A Sentient Evergreen Tree Army The Size Of A Forest Made Of Fruitcake vs Four Santa Clauses And An Elf Army?
Can a dingo take down a kangaroo?
BATTLE OF THE BANDS: Muse VS The Darkness: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight between Smaug and StarScream?
Who would win in a fight, a barehanded human or a giraffe?
Weakest/Least Smartest character who can prove TREE?
Who would win this fight: The Human Race vs The Animal Kingdom?
Batman v.s Kung Fu Panda
Who would win in a fight, Korra or Ruby Rose?
If Hera and Loki fought who would win and why?
Who'd win, Guts vs Navy Seal Boot Camp?
Who would win in battle between Crisis on Infinite Earths Anti-Monitor or Hulk?
Who would win this battle: Aizen vs Ben 10?
Who do you think would win a battle of wills, Dr. Doom or Batman?
Who would win this punch-up: Gregor Clegane vs. Bane?
Who would win in a fight between 10 M1A2 SEP and 1 AT-AT walker?
Who would win - Luffy or Zoro?
Who would win, DCEU Superman vs 10^12^ Rabbids?
If the United States and Russia engaged in a war solely between their air forces , who would win and why?
Who would win, Hulk and Odin versus Thanos with Gauntlet including Power and Space Stone?
Who wins in a Mexican Standoff between Red Hood, Deadshot, and Deathstroke?
Genji vs. Seal Team 6: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight between a grey wolf and a German Shepherd?
Jaime Lannister vs. The Bride: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Hunson Abadeer vs. the Lich vs. The Vampire King?
Which team wins: Superman and Shazam or Blue Marvel and Black Adam?
Who would come out on top out of TMNT vs Rhino, and why?
Panda Bear VS. Grizzly Bear: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight between a wolverine and a giant otter?
Who would win in a battle between 1000 wolves vs 1 blue whale?
An F-22 Raptor vs. alien fighter from Independence Day?
How would ancient civilizations such as the Greeks, Successor States, and the Romans have fared if all humans outside of their borders were zombified into Walking Dead style Zombies?
Who would win a wrestling match between Andre the Giant and Ric Flair?
Who would win in a fight, Scorpion or Zuko?
Can a 13 foot tall fully armored warrior be engaged in a fight?
Who is the strongest character that Super-Spider-Wonder-Bat-Flash-Hulk could beat?
If your favorite superhero/villain was given a theme song, what would it be and why
Is it true that in the Special Olympics everyone wins in a race or course?
Can your favorite character cut down a tall tree using ONLY a herring?
Who would win in a fight, Bowser or Frieza?
Who would win, Peter Griffin and Ike have to ruin each other's relationships irreversibly?
Who would win in a fight between a Dhole and a dingo?
Who would win, Bruce Wayne with adamantium arm guards vs. Wolverine that has no healing?
What should one do when defeated by life?
Since we've established that Zohan is a beast, who is the weakest Marvel character you think could beat him?
Who'd win, Kanye West vs. Superman?
Who would win in a fight - Sora or Pit?
Which Fire emblem characters can kill the likes of Wolverine with an adamantium weaponry
Did the US just start WW3?
Who would be victorious out of Po vs Mace Windu, and why?
Do you kill an adult male Kangaroo?
How many hippos would it take to kill a Spinosaurus?
Who would win, Mosco vs MCU Thanos?
Who would win this fight: Rhino infected with the venom symbiote vs Hulk?
Boxing Battle! Wildcat vs Ikki Takeda
Peter Parker has been bitten/infected by a different radioactive animal. What is the strongest outcome that would do well in Spiderman's place?
Who would win in a war between Austria and Hungary?
Who would win in a fight between Captain America and Captain Britain?
Who'd win, Geralt of Rivia vs. Talion?
Who would win in a battle between Yog-Sothoth and The Living Tribunal?
How can you control distancing in a fight with aggressive and defensive methods?
Hero Team vs Villain Team: Who would win?
Who would win, MUI GT Goku vs Lord Beerus?
You vs a Grizzly Bear Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish and Varys?
Strongest version of Link that Finn the Human could defeat?
Who would win, Flash vs Savitar?
Who would win this punch-up: Darth Vader vs Wolverine?
You run an Arkham Gauntlet Who would win?
King Kong Vs. Godzilla
Who is the strongest character or team you can think of that Trevor Phillips can beat at least 6/10?
Who would win, Po Ping VS Chen Stormstout?
Who'd win, Joerg Sprave from The Slingshot Channel vs. A Historical Siege Gauntlet?
A bored Thanos who holds the Infinity Gaunlet decides to host a Battle Royale
How many wolves would it take to overpower a grizzly bear?
How many cats would be needed to defeat a T-Rex?
Who would be the winner out of Silverback Gorilla vs Canadian Bull Moose, and why?
Would the Ghost Rider want to kill Hulk?
Lord Voldemort has taken Chancellor Palpatine hostage. Yoda & Mace Windu travel to Earth to rescue him. How can they succeed?
Who's the strongest water type Pokemon the Human Torch can beat?
can Batman with prep time defeat all of the villains from "Villain Pub - The Boss Battle"?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Storm?
Who would win out of Nova vs. Green Lantern, and why?
Who would win this combat: 20 mlb players with bats vs 1 African elephant?
Show me a one on one duel/ trial by combat that you really enjoy. My picks inside.
Who would win? A werewolf vampire hybrid or dracula?
Who would win in a fight to the death, a direwolf or one of Ramsay's hounds?
Who would win in a fight between Sentry and Zeus?
The Assassin Order v. The Bat Family
Who will win if an elephant fights a tiger?
Who would win, Melkor/Morgoth versus Ulmo & Aulë?
Who wins between Caesar and Batman?
If a war broke out between Turkey and Bosnia versus Serbia and Russia, who'd win?
Who would win, Shere Khan Vs Scar?
Who's the strongest water person on the banner?
Who would win in a fight between The Beatles and Pink Floyd?
King Cold, Freeza, and Cooler vs George H. W. Bush, George W. Bush, and Jeb Bush
Which Army is the Strongest?
Who would win: Batman or Superman if Superman didn't hold back?
Who would win, John Wick vs Penguins of the Madagascar?
MCU Cap and BJ Blazkowicz VS THE THIRD REICH: WHO WOULD WIN?
Who would be the victor in this battle of Ghost Rider VS the Human Torch VS Nova?
Who would win in a war between Israel and North Korea?
How would an actual T-Rex fight Indominus Rex?
If Wizardkind were to declare war on Mugglekind, who would win in an all-out war?
Who would win in a fight between a velociraptor and a pitbull?
Who would win this fight: 16 year old American vs 30 year old Ethiopian?
Who would win in a fight, Whis or Kaguya Ōtsutsuki?
Who would win a war between 1914 Germany and 1939 Germany?
Who would be the champion out of Tarzan vs. A silver back gorilla with the brain of Mike Tyson, and why?
Who would win in a fight between the Fantastic Four and the Incredibles?
What are the advantages of a bronze sword vs steel or iron?
If Captain America had an army of one million ants, and Iron Man had an army of one million spiders, who would win the American Civil War of 1860-1865?
Who would win this brawl: Mystery Men vs. a T-Rex?
Who would claim victory out of The Cast I’d IASIP is charged by the Council of Elrond to take the One Ring to Mordor and throw it into the fires of Mount Doom. How quickly do they all die, and why?
Does the DNC secretly hope that Roy Moore win the Senate race in Alabama so they can use him as a fundraiser tool?
Who would win, Liquiir vs MCU Thanos?
What wild animal alive today can 5/10 a velociraptor?
Who would win in a fight between Sam Harris and Neil deGrasse Tyson?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a fight to death between 1000 wolves and a 100 lions?
The Silmarillion : Is there any clue or hint that Tolkien gave of whether or not Fëanor could overthrow Morgoth in a fair duel?
Who would win, the Covenant at its height or the Dominion under Mengsk?
Who would win this duel: Kung Fu Panda vs Batman and Daredevil?
What would it take to kill Superman if there was direct access to his brain.
Who would win this match: Gray Fox vs Master Chief?
Who would win in a bare-knuckle brawl: The Punisher vs. Naked Snake aka Big Boss?
Who would be the winner out of Hermione Granger & Ginny Weasley vs Sabine Wren & Ketsu Onyo, and why?
Ultron vs Brainiac: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this duel: Batman and Nightwing vs Captain America and Black Panther?
What would happen if Brazil declares war on China?
Who'd win, Force-sensitive Obama vs. force-sensitive Trump vs. force-sensitive Hillary?
Who would win in a battle between samurai jack and the Hulk?
Who'd win, Knight vs Tiger?
Who would win, Bonolenov or Speed-O'-Sound Sonic?
Who would win a fight between a tiger and a hippo?
Who would win in hand-to-hand combat between a member of Delta Force and a Marine?
Mixed Martial Arts: Who would win most of the time-female fighters or male fighters-if a fighting competition with no-holds-barred and intergender matches were held?
Who would win this combat: Smile vs Sweet vs Sister vs Sadistic vs Surprise vs Service?
Who would win, Batman/Superman/Spiderman vs Joker/Bane/Doctor Octopus with Symbiote?
What will Canada do if a World War 3 breaks out at this point? What will be its stance in this regard? Will they avoid war or join the USA to help them in the war?
Thor vs Ares , who would win?
Who would win, Mandarin Suit with ten rings vs Hulk Insanely Angry?
Shadow the Hedgehog Vs Vegeta: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this match: Shinichi and Migi vs Roaches?
Who would win a fight between Karna of Mahabaratha and Thor from Avengers?
Kratos vs. Naruto: Who would be the victor?
Beerus VS a Superhero I made up that turns into wasabi and burns your mouth: Who would be the victor?
The chances of winning for two horses are 1/2 and 1/3 respectively. What is the probability that at least one will win when the horses are running in the same race?
All Known Animals vs All 802 Pokemon
So a crazy farmer tied me up and left me in a barn where an angry goat is trying to kill me. I managed to kick open a gate, and a bunch of loyal chickens hopped out ready to protect me. How many loyal chickens does it take to kill the angry goat?
Strongest character that this superhero I just made up could defeat?
Who would win in a battle between classic Dr. Strange and the entire LOTR universe?
One Night To Kill The Bat -- who takes the $50m prize from Arkham Origins?
Who would come out on top in a fight between Wolverine, Deadpool, and Black Panther?
Why do some Chinese say Vietnam is ungrateful to China when it attacked Vietnam first?
Liam Neeson and Harrison Ford are BROTHERS. They want their family back. Who wins?
Who would win in a fight between Ben Affleck's Batman versus Malcolm Merlyn?
Who would win between a great white shark and an anaconda in water?
Who would win, Pepper sprayed Mike Tyson vs you in a boxing match?
Who would win a battle, Thanos or the Justice League?
Who would win, Batman vs Wolverine vs Dark Claw?
If Sans and future Aang fought to the death, who would win?
Who would win, FOX vs. MCU vs. DCEU?
An advanced alien species has made an offer to allow one nation to represent earth in a galactic senate. They challenge every nation to show their greatest achievements for a chance at the seat. What will each nation show? Who would win the seat?
If a Kodiak brown bear and a saltwater crocodile were to fight, who would gain a victory?
Who would win this fight: Tensions are rising, and the five are soon to go to war, Age of Empires style: USA, Nazi Germany, the first two generations of Pokémon, modern North Korea, and The Middle East?
Who will win in a fight between Dracula and Vandal Savage?
Who would win in hand to hand combat between sas and navy seals?
Who would win, Harry Potter vs Ron Weasley?
The man from the navy seals copypasta vs. 4chan shrek: Who would be the champion?
What would happen if Russia added serval strategic nuclear warheads to Syria as response to US attacks?
Who would win, Primate of your choice VS highly trained MMA athlete?
Who would win: Dr. Fate and Dr. Strange vs. Dr. Doom and The Spectre? All of them with their full powers.
How well could Britain defend itself from France right now in a war?
Who'd win, John Wick, Rama , Judge Dredd , Harry Hart , and Max all limited to only pistols and hand to hand combat vs The Hand?
Who would win a fight between Ronda Rousey and Popeye?
Who would win, Saitama or Squirrel girl?
In case of a civil war in Israel, which Jewish groups will fight each other?
What will happen to the GOP if the unthinkable happens and Doug Jones wins the Alabama Senate Race?
Who's the strongest character Garfield the cat can defeat?
Some famous Let's Players are put in an Arena to fight to the death, who comes out on top?
Coyote vs. wolf, which would win if both were the same size?
Which dinosaur would win if the two fought, a Spinosaurus or a T Rex?
The probability of the horse A winning the race is 1/4 and the probability of horse B winning the race is 1/3. What is the probability of one of the horses winning the race?
Who would win, Fire Lord Ozai vs. Charizard?
How do I breathe in a fight?
Slow and steady wins the race. Is it also applicable in learning.?
Who would win in a fight, Dooku or the Prophet?
Who would win, Spirit of Carnan vs Man-Thing?
Who would win, Janemba vs Cell?
How many kids with water balloons would it take to beat Monkey D. Luffy?
Who would win this punch-up: Dwayne "the Rock" Johnson vs. a cassowary?
Who would win, Yogi bear wearing a full suit of plate armor and infected with the T virus VS 16 shark-gorillas wearing roller blades. In the Thunderdome. At night?
Weakest character that could defeat Martian Manhunter without exploiting his fear of fire
Hypothetical question :Which footballer will win the 100m race?
Who would win, U9 Assassins vs Sidra's Hakai Blast?
Who would win in a fight: Spinosaurus or T. rex?
If nuclear WW3 happens between the U.S. and Russia, which one has more potential to win the war, what are the pros and cons of Russia and the U.S.? Putin recently unveiled some strategic invincible weapons that can’t be intercepted.
Who would win in a duel between Glaurung and Ancalagon?
Who would win in a war between the US, the UK, Germany, France, and Canada vs China, Russia, India, North Korea, and Iran?
What might a fight between Anakin and General Grievous look like?
Who'd win, Fenris Wolf vs Amaterasu?
If the US was the only allied country in WWII, could they have won, assuming the US declared war on the same day they did in the past, but all the allies immediately dropped out of the war?
Who'd win, God sends a messenger to humanity, telling them that in 5 years, if all murder, war, and nuclear arms have disappeared, then the entire human race will ascend to their own paradise. Can it be done?
Who would win, Madagascar vs Lion King?
What if the Confederate States of America fought Nazi Germany?
Who would win in a 1v1 fight, Kratos and Arterus or Percy Jackson?
How successful would Gandalf the Grey be in fulfilling the requests of Dorothy and Toto, the Scarecrow, the Tinman, and the Cowardly Lion while they were on their way to the Emerald City?
If a sword fight between a US marine and a medieval soldier would happen, would the marine have a fighting chance with handling a sword?
Who would win a fight between Khabib Nurmagomedov and Conor Mcgregor?
Who would win a fight between Louie vs Shere Khan?
You gain the ability to stop time, but cannot control how long the time stop lasts. What can you accomplish with your new power? Who would win?
MCU nano-suit Stark vs A Terminator, a Decepticon and a Sentinel: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight between Dumbeldore and the Basilisk?
Who'd win, Bigby Wolf versus Wolverine?
Who would win a WWE fight between Karna and Arjuna?
In one day an M1 Abrams Tank will spawn five miles from you. Using only items from the local dollar store, how do you defeat it?
Who would win this combat: Albus Dumbledore vs Chancellor Palpatine?
Who would be the champion out of Cats vs Dogs, and why?
Who would win, Red Hood vs Arkham Knight?
"Screw Arkham Asylum! I'll build my own prison... a Bat-Prison!"
Kung Fu Panda vs Pei Mei "Kill Bill": Who would have the best chance of winning?
WhoWouldWin Court: The Case of Superman
Who would win this war: Justice League and friends have a F1 Championship?
If aliens were humanoid, what are the chances that they have weaknesses similar to us humans? How would we exploit in a hand to hand fight?
What is the smallest sandwich needed in order to motivate Shaggy to defeat Goku
Who'd win, Superman vs Beerus?
If we use a gaming console as a weapon in a tournament, who would win?
Who would win the fight between a pitbull and a hyena?
How would the Allies have responded if Hitler, following his victory over France, claimed he never wanted war with the West and proceeded to withdraw all German forces?
Who would claim victory out of Voldemort VS Unikitty, and why?
If Orochimaru and Hiruzen fought again, but Orochimaru wasn’t allowed Edo Tensei, who would win?
Who would win if the DEA went against Dutch East India during the Opium Wars, assuming they were to happen in the US?
Who would win, The Punisher vs John Wick?
Who'd win, Raiden vs Deadpool and Deathstroke?
Doctor Octopus VS Bane: Who would win?
Who would win out of Three Rhinos Vs One TRIceratops, and why?
If Russia and America go to war, who will come out victorious?
Who is the strongest character Mr. Burns could defeat in a boxing match
Who would win, the Guardians of the Galaxy or the Justice League?
A chicken pot pie with pencils for arms and legs vs A water bottle full of pen ink: Who would be the winner?
Space Commanders: Honor Harrington vs. Thrawn: Who would be the winner?
Could a snake beat an ocelot, a mantis, a wolf, and a raven?
Who would be the winner out of Jacob vs Bigby Wolf, and why?
What are some tips for street fighting?
Biblical Heroes vs Greek Legends: Who would be the victor?
What conditions would need to be met to make a fight between Goku and Denver, the Last Dinosaur even?
Who would win in a fight, Spider-Man or Sonic?
Who would win, John Rambo vs Lara Croft?
What's the difference between a corpsman and a combat medic?
Who would win, Kirby or Kirby?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Shadow the Hedgehog?
Shadow the Hedgehog vs. Vegeta: Who would be victorious?
These characters get dropped into Minecraft. Who obtains the Dragon Egg first?
Who will win a war between Nigeria and Ghana?
If Korey Daniel played chess with Captain America, who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Green Lantern vs Super Skrull?
Who'd win, The entire Patriots Football organization is suddenly thrust into the Star Wars universe and given high-tier force powers. They have 15 years to organize and create a sizable and powerful Galactic Empire. With Robert Kraft's money, Belichick's brains, and Gronk's ridiculous powers, can they do it?
Who would come out on top out of Megaladon vs. White Whale, and why?
Who would win this match: Healthy adult male lion VS Healthy adult male bull?
Who would win, Neferpitou from HunterxHunter versus Supergirl from Superman/Batman: Apocalypse?
Who would win a fight between Conor Mcgregor and Mickey Gall?
Who would win in a battle between all dog breeds
Bart Simpson finds himself into the world of DC Comics where he is being scouted by heroes and villains to fight for either side: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight between Itachi and Superman?
Who would win, Wade Eiling vs Wade Eiling?
Can Batman get the Joker elected President of the United States?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The Hulk in Bruce Banner form vs Thor in human form vs pre-serum Steve Rogers vs Tony Stark vs Hawkeye, and why?
Who'd win, Captain America and Winter Soldier vs Black Panther?
It's Always Sunny Gang vs Jackie Chan Who Wants No Trouble
Why do humans fight?
Who would win, Goddess of Death from MCU or Hulk?
Who would win in a battle of the Iron Man versus the Iron Giant?
Who would win this battle: A Monster Truck vs An Elephant?
If Captain Underpants and Gaston fought, who would win?
Was the India-Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017 final match fixed?
Who would win in a fight, Erza, Sakura, or Zoro?
How does it happen that Robert at the Trident somehow finds Rhaegar, and single combat ensues between the two?
You wake up with a baby strapped to your back and a lightsaber in hand. Every ten seconds, A person or thing spawns charging at you. How long do you protect the baby and yourself in this relentless ladder? Who would win?
Who would win, Dio vs Deku Kacchan and Todoroki?
You vs the Special Olympics. Who would win?
Who will be the best in combat between Alexander the Great, Genghis Khan, Hannibal Barca and Attila the Hun?
You are placed in command of the Kingdom of Italy by King Victor Emmanuel III & Mussolini, just before declaring war on Great Britain and France. Can you win the war for the Kingdom of Italy?
Had Harry's name not been picked out of the Goblet of Fire, who would've won The Tri-Wizard Tournament?
Who would win, Chieftain or Rookie?
Who is the strongest character that this cat could defeat?
Who would win, Alligator vs. Alligator-Sized-Lobster?
The Master Chief vs. Iron Man: Who would come out on top?
Realistically, in a non-nuclear war between Russia and the United States, who would win and why?
Who will win a fight between Wolverine and Gambit?
Who would win this match: Suicide Squad vs Sinister Six?
Who would win in a one on one fight, a bobcat or coyote?
Who'd win, A Warg Versus A Direwolf in a Pitbull-Style Dogfight, Elephant Hunting and 5 Mile Race?
Who would win in a battle between Hunter/Prey Doomsday and Superboy Prime?
Jake the Dog vs Superman - Who's the worst about forgetting their own powers?
Who'd win, Goku withought powers vs Superman withought powers?
Alien horde vs Grey gorilla pack: Who wins?
emperor valkorion vs naruto: Who would be the winner?
King Leonidas and the 300 vs Caesar and the Apes
Who would win in a war between Magneto and the combined armies of every single world power?
If the main character from the last book you read, the last movie you watched, and the last video game you played fought, who would win?
If the entire Ancient Roman army at its peak had to attack the weakest modern nations on Earth today with no help, how far up the military ranking would it go until it was defeated? The weak countries have no planes/no artillery/at times no soldiers!
Who would win in a battle between the Illuminati and the Anunnaki?
Who would win, a musketeer with his thin flexible sword, or a Middle Ages knight with his heavy sword?
Are we safe from WW3?
What superhero/villain loses to their own live-action counterpart?
Who would win, A giant squid or Iron Man?
Who would win in a rap battle between Oscar Wilde and Mark Twain?
Who will win a battle of maths between Cortana and Shakuntala Devi?
Who would win this duel: Mikoto Misaka vs Gaara of the Sand Tsunami?
Who would win a fight between Rajnikanth and Chuck Norris?
Who would win in a battle of fisticuffs between Jesus Christ and Vishnu?
Who would win, Batman vs Martian Manhunter?
Yujiro Hanma of Baki The Grappler versus American Street Fighter's M Bison.Who wins?
If a Kodiak bear and a saltwater crocodile fought, who would win?
Which countries will the USA fear the most if a world war broke out?
What is the National Security Strategy of India?
In a hypothetical battle between all the video game worlds, who wins?
Who would win in a fight between Puss in Boots and Doctor Manhattan? Why?
Guy from Naruto with unlimited senzu beans. Who's the strongest person he can kill?
The Locust breach the surface on E-Day to slaughter some humans. Instead of finding Cogs, they find the Nazis from Wolfenstein.
Who would win in a conventional war between Saudi Arabia and the Vatican City?
If all of America's presidents fought Hunger Games style, who would win?
If Japan and South Korea get attacked by North Korea, how long would it take for these two countries to recover if ever?
If torque wins the race, then why is power so important?
Who will win a fight between Superman and Rajnikanth?
Ser Arthur Dayne vs. Bronn, who would win?
Who would win, a Human-San'shyum Alliance or a forerunner?
Who would win a war between Brazil vs Germany, if it came to that point?
In a battle to the death between LOTR's full-power Sauron and Star Wars EU's full-power Abeloth, who wins?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 3/6/2016
Would the average Neanderthal have beaten an average human in an unarmed fight?
Who would win this fight: Black Widow, Jacob Black The Black Knight , Black Lightning, The Black Power Ranger, Blackbeard, Jack Black, Sirius Black, and Black Sabbath vs. Ancalagon The Black?
Who would win, 50 average men vs 5 healthy pissed off silver back gorillas?
If the US was in war with Estonia, would Estonian-Americans be exempt from a draft?
Who would win out of Caesar’s army in War for the Planet of the Apes VS the Dino’s in Jurassic World, and why?
Who would win the battle between Sauron the Deceiver and Doctor Strange?
Who would win in a battle between Minato Namikaze and Madara Uchiha?
Who would win in a battle between the U.S. Navy and the British Navy?
Friday Night Lights : In Season 3, how should we feel about Tyra's campaign strategy to win the race for school president?
Clayface vs Rhino: Who would win?
What would have happened if Arya had killed Tywin? Would the Lannister war effort have suffered or even collapsed? What other consequences would there have been?
Who would win, Worf vs Chewbacca?
How does King Kong fight Indominus rex?
Who would win, Bat-Garrus and Grobin the Krogan Wonder in... The Citadel's Crusaders?
Who would win, Wesley, the Sicilian , and Spock are competing in a round robin chess boxing tournament?
In Star Wars, who would win in a Snoke versus Anakin/Vader fight without outside interference?
Nonsensicality Battle Royal
Who'll win as a technopathy, a human vs. a telepathic robot?
Who would claim victory out of Animal Man VS Kraven the Hunter, and why?
Can you win bets on horse racing?
Who would win in a fight between Mr. Mxyzptlk and Spectre?
All Disney characters, both hero and villain, suddenly fight each other. Who is the real King of the castle?
Based on what Trump is currently doing, how likely is it that WW3 would happen soon?
Who would win this battle: Top 5 /u/ItsADnDMonsterNow DnD monsters VS top 5 /r/BossFight bosses?
WHO WOULD WIN KNOWLEDGE BATTLE! Week 4: The Lanterns!
Who would win in a fight, Darth Vader or Darth Maul?
Who would win in a two-on-two battle between All Might and Midoriya versus Endeavor and Todoroki?
Aaron Brand vs Navy Seal Copypasta: Who would win?
What ratio of hippos to crocodiles would ensure even odds of each side winning?
Who would win? : Obito vs Toneri?
Who would win in a fight, a crow/raven, or a bat?
Who would win out of Sinister Seven vs MCU Avengers, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Lucy Heartfilia or Nami?
Cursed Jack Sparrow vs Cursed Barbosa in a sword fight
Who would win a fight between the Doctor and Tatsuya Shiba?
Who would win, One Million Cats vs One T-Rex?
Who would win in a fight between Master Chief and Smaug?
How would our current military and technologies fare against the Imperial Regime in land based combat?
What's the strongest enemy a human who feels no pain, is on a constant adrenaline rush, and uses 100% of their body's physical ability, can beat?
Can Hitler win World War 2 with a single page of the Death Note?
Who would win out of Contessa vs. Superman Prime, and why?
Who'd win, Grizzly bear vs great white shark?
One measly Vampire spawns in Westros.
Who'd win, Scarlet Robe vs. Thunder?
Who'd win, Flash and Green Arrow vs Goku and Vegeta?
Which would win between the Heavy Gustav and an M1 Abrams?
Who would win this duel: One day you were listening to your favorite song during a thunder storm and then you suddenly get the powers of the title of your favorite song, who can you defeat with these new powers?
Who would win in a fight between Tom Bombadil and Deadpool?
Who would win in a one-on-one fight between Bannerless Hulk and Dr. Manhattan?
Who'd win, Aquaman vs. Ghost Rider?
Who would win this match: Vision, Dr.Strange, and Ronan vs Thanos?
Who would win, Galactus vs Galactus?
Who'd win, Business Battle: Lex Luthor vs Petyr Baelish vs Lucius Fox?
Who would win, Shizuku vs Gon Freecss?
What do you think of the comparison that Hillary Clinton is running to "be president” versus Trump running to “win the election”?
Who would claim victory out of Jean Grey vs. Wonder Woman, and why?
Who would win this battle: Batman decides to stop wearing a mask, and instead to “hide in plain sight,” like Superman. How successful is he?
How many space marines would it take to conquer the United States?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Annabelle or Samara?
Who would win in a fight between Nova Prime and Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Thel Vadamee or Brute?
Who would win in the war between all the X-Men and the Black Templars in the space marine chapter?
Your favorite character enters a talent show. What can they do without using ANY of their superpowers or special abilities?
Who would win a human and animal fight?
A Nintendo 64 is sent back in time to a few points in history. Can the recipients alter their fates with this newfound technology?
Who would be victorious out of 616 Odin versus current Hulk, using only feats from the past ten years, and why?
Who would win, 7 billion humans vs. 19 billion human-intelligence chickens?
How many WW1 light cruisers are needed to defeat a lone Yamato?
Which school is most likely to win the Dropbox Space Race?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy or Makarov?
Andrew Jackson takes on the 2016 presidential candidates in a fight to the death.
Who'd win, Average Wizard versus average Jedi in WWII France?
A space wolf blood claw VS spartan blue team: Who would be the winner?
Who would win this war: Brainiac and Lex Luthor VS Enchantress and Loki?
If India and ISIS had a fight, who would win?
Which superhero would be the best at fulfilling wishes for the Make-A-Wish Foundation?
Basil the Kicker from DBS Vs Sanji and Sakura and Lucy from Fairy Tail and Amy Rose and Blaze the Cat and CW Killer Frost
Every animal you’ve ever eaten in your life returns back from the dead to kill you. How can you survive the onslaught?
Who would win, The CIS vs. The Covenant?
Who wins a fight between me with brass knuckles on each hand and 2 wolves?
Who would have the edge out of Iguana vs Lobster, and why?
How powerful is Zeus in the DC Universe, and who would win in a battle between Zeus and Superman Prime?
Who would win in a war between Turkey and Egypt without NATO intervention?
Who would win this punch-up: The strongest team you can create from PBS kids shows of the 80's and nineties VS?
In a fight between a triceratops and a T rex, who would prevail?
Who would win, "The Magician" Malcolm Merlyn or "The Magician" Hisoka Morow?
Who would win, Harry, Ron, and Hermione vs Darth Maul, Boba Fett, & Obi-Wan?
Every Superhero from every live-action movie that's been out in the last 10 years battle.
Who would win in a war between China and Harry Potter, Superman, 10,000 sharks, and a chicken?
Who would win a war between Mauryan King Ashoka and Akhbar the great?
If we lined up all 7 billion or so people in the world tomorrow and had them race the 100m dash, what is the probability that Usain Bolt would win?
Who would win the presidential election: Bernie Sanders or Ron Paul?
In Batman vs Snake Eyes, who would win in a fight to the death, and why?
Who would win if all the Disney princes fought Hunger Games style?
Who would win, Stephen Hawking and Albert Einstein vs Denver Broncos?
In a fight between a cougar and a grizzly bear who would win?
Attack of the water faucets.
Who would win in a battle between an M1A2 Abrams and 20 T72s, on a perfectly flat battlefield, and each team is 1km away from each other?
What if the main human factions from halo, Warhammer 40k, Starship Trooper, Star Trek, Star Wars united to defeat or suppress the evils of their galaxies, how successful would they be?
Why can't Wanda Maximoff fondle with one of Ultron Sentries, fight it against other ones?
Is it possible for a physically fit human male to defeat a vicious dog 1 on 1?
Professor X gets access to Dr. Octopus limbs. Strongest he can beat?
Who would win a war set in 1500 between the Aztec Empire and the Northern Native Americans?
In a mind and manipulation game of Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock Holmes, James Moriarty and Hannibal Lecter versus Eurus Holmes, which side would win?
Who is stronger, Naruto or Kaguya?
What is the strongest legendary Pokemon that Celestia and Luna can defeat?
How do Naruto genin do in something like Fortnite or PUBG?
Who would win, Goku vs. Boros?
Who would win out of Ostrich vs Kangaroo, and why?
Who'd win, 10 Brock Lesnars vs A Silverback Gorilla?
What does it mean that the United States and the Soviet Union were engaged in a Space Race in the 20th century? Who was “winning” in 1960?
Can being from any race be considered winning the genetic lottery today?
Who would win, Killua Zoldyck or Youpi?
Who would win, Master Chief in MJOLNIR and a Nanosuit 2.0 vs a Space Marine?
Boy vs. girl, who wins the race?
Who would win this match: The God Emperor of Mankind vs. H.P. Lovecraft Monsters?
Who would win out of Amateur Hour - Unknown or Unused Character/Setting Discussion - Week 23 - Birthday Edition, and why?
Multiverse Journalistic showdown!
Who would win the fight between Wolverine and Deadpool? It can’t be a tie.
Who would win, Batman Wrecked Suit vs Superman Powerless?
Who would claim victory out of A Man that has Read Every Book in the World and Remembers Everything He's Read vs. A Man at Peak Human Condition, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Boruto or Gohan?
Who would win a war between Sun Tzu or Genghis Khan?
Who would win in a fight between Voldemort and Galadriel?
Best hand-to-hand combat fighter?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of President Trump and the Secret Service vs Queen Elizabeth and the Queen's Guards vs Logan Paul and his fans, and why?
Who'd win, Modern US Ground Forces vs Imperial Ground Forces?
Who would win in a battle between Izetta and Tanya?
What were the greatest cavalry forces in history?
Who would have the edge out of A New Rule and Our New Mods, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Black Widow or Emma Frost?
Humanity must defend itself to Galactus. Uatu has given us a chance.
Who would win in a single, all-out glorious battle between the UK and Canada?
Is Wing Chun effective for women in a fight?
MCU Thor vs MCU Thanos: Who would claim victory?
Not sure if this is the right place, but how many WWII-era tanks could a single M1-Abrams tank defeat in battle?
Who would win in a fight between Hercules and Batman?
Who would win between a Muay Thai champion and a Kickboxing champion in an MMA fight?
Rommel the Desert Fox and 5 Panzer IV's VS Oarai girl's school Panzer team : Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Superman vs All Might in a power equalized charity boxing match, and why?
Who would win, Helldivers Vs. ODSTs?
Who will win in a fight between Superman and Firestorm?
Who would win between Japan and North Korea?
Captain America VS a baby filled with magic potion: Who would be the champion?
Your Favorite Martial artist Vs. This Martial Arts Gauntlet
Who would win, Deathmatch: Goat vs. Beast?
Would you rather win the lottery and have financial freedom for you and your children or know everything that is known to the human race?
Who would win this duel: A lion swimming in the water vs. 20 Adult Tuna?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win if the Lord of The Rings and Game of Thrones universes were to go to war?
Will Israel pull the trigger for WWIII?
Why are hypothetical battles so much fun?
Vampire vs Bear: Who would be the victor?
Who would claim victory out of Newt Scamander & Tina Goldstein vs Boba Fett & Aayla Secura, and why?
Who would win this combat: Master Roshi vs Yoda?
Who would win, Guts vs Rigardo, the Silver-Eyed Lion King?
Who would win in a battle between 10 Navy SEALs and 100 Gurkha soldiers?
Who would win in a fight between a lion and a snow leopard?
Who would win in a fight of Batman versus Assassin's Creed?
If you had to master one martial art to use in a fight to the death. Which would you learn?
You riding an emu vs You riding a Velociraptor Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, a hyena or a wolf?
How would Martian Manhunter do in a fight against a Sentinel?
Every established universe, teamed up vs. God
Do you agree/disagree with Nicholas Lardy that China would win a "trade war" with the US and why?
Who'd win, Detective Conan vs Professor Layton?
Who would win this war: Hippo vs Rhino?
Who would win, Vegeta post HTC training or Dende and Mr. Popo?
Who would win in a fight between Brandon Routh Superman, Christopher Reeves Superman, and Henry Cavill Superman?
Who'd win, Smolder Bravestone Vs. Captain America?
If there's a war between anime's best fighting characters and Marvel, who would win, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Jesus and the twelve apostles or the Justice League?
If I had suddenly had clairvoyance and teleportation powers, what could I do with it?
Who would win, Jiraiya and Naruto versus Tsunade and Sakura?
Who would win in a war between Vikings and Bolton army led by Ramsey Bolton?
Who is the strongest character Rhino could beat?
All the creations of this sub-reddit team up. Who could beat this "WWW Avengers"?
All of the bosses of Darkest Dungeon run for president in the next election. Who wins?
Who would win in a fight between a sloth and a dog?
Who'd win, USA military VS North Korea, Master Cheif, and the Third Reich?
Who'd win, A regular human force vs a series of RWBY characters?
The events of Infinity War plays out. Thanos decided not to use infinity stones, but he is bloodlusted. How do the heroes fare?
Who would win in a fight between the Ottoman Empire and modern day Turkey?
Who would win this fight: Viewtiful Joe VS Sonic the Hedgehog?
Who would win in a fight between Cyborg Darth Vader or Organic Darth Vader?
What if Darkseid or Thanos went one on one with Majin Buu?
Who would win if 2,000 Byzantine Cataphracts and 2,000 Norman Knights charged at each other?
Who wins the war between black hats and white hats?
Who would win in a fight, The Green Arrow or Deadpool?
Who would win, Pickle Rick vs Seal Team Ricks?
Comic Clash: Who would win if Dragon Ball Z characters fought the Avengers?
If the seven demigods from the Heroes of Olympus somehow had a fight to the death, who would win? And what would happen once the winner realized what they'd done?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Piccolo?
If Marvel's Black Cat and Domino were to have a fight, would their luck powers cancel each other out?
Who would win, The Warriors vs the Jets and the Sharks?
Who would win, Marek vs Jedi Hunter?
Who wins in a fight: Han solo vs Ron Weasley
Any other 4 US Presidents VS the 'Rushmore Four'
What would happen to the world economy if the Greater Asia-Pacific War, excluding Russia and EU, broke out again nowadays?
Who would be the champion out of Doctor Octopus vs. Spiderman in a game of 1v1 Basketball, and why?
Who'd win, Roronoa Zoro vs Killer B?
Who would win, Rocinante from the Expanse versus The Normandy from Mass effect?
Who would win, Godzilla 2014 vs. all the Jedi who participated in the battle of Geonosis?
Deadpool and Captain America are fighting for Scarlet Johnson's affections. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a badger and a pitbull?
Who would win in a fight between Riddick and Punisher?
Could the Lorax stop General Grievous from cutting down the last Truffula Tree?
How many saltwater crocodiles would it take to beat Ash's Totodile?
Which Justice League member has the best combat speed beside the Flash?
If a war between China and France happened along the Sino-Vietnamese broader today, similar to the Sino-French War in 1885, who would win?
Who would win, A Bull vs a Goat?
Who would win in a battle between Scooby Doo and Woody Woodpecker?
Who would win in a battle between Dr. Manhattan and Molecule Man?
In the Battle of the Greens, who will win, the Hulk or the Swamp Thing?
Who would win in a fight between Static Shock and Superman?
Who would win in a fight between Hela and Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Venom?
How would you rank these legendary masters of Kung Fu?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Superman and Doomsday run a gauntlet, and why?
If a black mamba from Africa and an inland taipan from Australia were to fight to the death, which one would win?
Who would win out of North Korea in 2015 vs. the British Empire in 1850, and why?
Thor and Anakin Skywalker are fighting for Natile Portman's affection. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Yoshi or Naruto?
Who would win this fight: Gray Wolf vs Lynx?
Who would win a fight between Mongols led by Genghis Khan and Spartans led by Leonidas?
Super Mecha Death Christ vs. the Mighty Morphing Power Rangers: Who would be the victor?
What would happen if Portugal and Spain officially had joined the Axis in World War II in any fronts?
Why did Germany repeat the same mistake of fighting at two fronts in the world wars?
Who would win, Chucky or Batman?
Who would win in a conventional war between the US, NATO, Israel, Saudi Arabia vs China and Iran?
Who would win in a fight between Marvel's 'Ghost Rider' or Midway's 'Scorpion' from Mortal Combat?
Who would win in a battle between Darths Revan, Bane, Sidious, and Krayt? Why?
Who will win a fight, between Ben 10 and The Avengers?
Who would win, Stereotype battle: American vs Russian vs Australian vs British vs Indian?
Who would win a fight between the Joker and Jack Sparrow?
Who would win this fight: Superman vs Superman?
Who'd win, Kylo Ren vs Steve Rogers?
If a war broke out between Muslims and Catholics, who would win?
The Indonesian Army versus ISIS, who'd win?
Who would win this duel: Link is dropped into Westeros with the master sword, an unbreakable shield, and his fire resistant tunic. Who is the best warrior he can defeat?
Who would win, Scathan the Approver vs Life Bringer Galactus?
Who would win, Vegeta from the start of Dragon Ball Z vs Goku at the end of Z?
Can a fox ever defeat a wolf?
Who would win this duel: African Elephant vs. Hippo?
How can Bob the Builder stop the Zombie Apocalypse?
Who'd win, Turtwig vs Captain America?
Could a pitbull take on a wolf in a fight?
Who would win, Arlo versus Littlefoot?
Bare-knuckle boxing match in the X-men Universe
Shrek vs. Po: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Kurama?
Do people think we will have a WWIII? If so, where and how?
If there was a battle between Odin and Thanos hypothetically, who would win?
Who would win this war: Bigby Wolf vs Sif?
Who would win a fight between Mas Oyama and Bruce Lee?
Which side will win in a battle between Vlad the Impaler and the Ottoman Empire?
Who would win, Doomsday vs Darkseid?
What are your thoughts on WW3?
Who'd win, Two original comic book show characters: Agent Coulson of Marvel media vs. John Diggle of Arrow?
Who would win in a fight between a spotted hyena and an orangutan?
Would a T-rex be able to kill an adult elephant?
What is the strongest "super human" a "peak human" can beat?
Tony the Tiger or a Khajiit trader: Who would win?
Who would win, Team fortress 2 gang vs 6 overwatch heroes vs 5 Battleborn?
If Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar, Napoleon Bonaparte and Hannibal fought in a tournament together, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between the medieval European armies of Westeros and the Grounders?
In a hypothetical battle, who would win in a fight between a killer whale and a giant squid?
Who would win, Hulk vs all the ants on Earth?
Who will win, Superman or Wonder Woman?
Who would win the war between the Colombian Armed Forces and the Houthis?
Who would win in a battle between the Cybermen and the Borg?
Who's the weakest character that could kill a T-Rex with his bare hands?
All GTA playable characters get in a fight, who wins?
Who would win, Gorilla with 9-Inch Skull vs. Nine Inch Nails?
Who gains the most power if they stop caring about fashion rules?
Who'd win, The Punisher Vs. Jacket?
Who would win? Ben 10 vs Meliodas?
Featuring Joseph Joestar
Who would have the edge out of Guts vs Regnier, and why?
What would the plot of “Independence Day” look like if the Galactic Empire replaced the harvesters and invaded the Earth in 1996 instead? Would it be the same war of 1996, or would it be a different war?
You, naked with Bear Hands V.S a 260 pounds woman with a independent shotgun Who would win?
If Operation Overlord had failed, would it have been possible for the Axis Powers to achieve a stalemate or force a peace treaty with Great Britain & the United States?
This cat vs This dog
Who would claim victory out of MCU Proxima and Corvus vs FOX's Wolverine,Movie! Blade and DCEU Batman, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and Dumbledore?
Which would win in a fight, a Zumwalt-class destroyer or an Iowa-class battleship?
Who would win in a fight, DCU actors or MCU actors?
Valak vs Rambo. Who would win the fight?
Do race horses know or care when they win or do poorly?
Who'd win, The genus Panthera vs the genus Ursus in a battle to the death?
Tai Lung vs Batman: Who would be victorious?
Who will win in a fight between Superman and The Blob?
Who would win, The Amazing Spider-Man, the Superior Spider-Man, and Spider-Man 2099 get sewn together mouth to ass. Who is the strongest person the Human Spiderpede can defeat?
Who would win this duel: Kylo Ren vs. Doctor Octopus?
Who'd win, Warhammer 40k Space Marines vs Seal Team Six, given Cap's Serum, wearing Iron Man suits, wielding Bolters?
Who are the best warriors in Game of Thrones?
Who if anyone could beat the Biblical God With 7 years of prep time?
Who would win in a fight, Dobby or Yoda?
You are defending a hill against an endless wave of T34s and infantry. You can choose any weapon from WWII, as well as a historical castle of your choice, to be placed on the hill. You have 10,000 soldiers under your command, how long do you survive?
Hypothetical Scenarios: If we pit The Mahmudiye versus two Constitution-Class frigates, who would win?
In a battle between a human and a human sized chicken, who would win?
How well could South Korea defend itself against strictly North Korean and Chinese missiles with no American assistance?
Who would come out on top out of Comic book Rick Grimes vs Television Rick Grimes, and why?
In a serious, no mercy duel between Harry Potter and Hermione Granger, who would win?
Who would win, Machines trying to destroy humanity vs Animals trying to destroy humanity?
Who would have the edge out of Shadows vs. The Borg, and why?
Who would win this battle: Dorothy, Strawman, Tinman and the Cowardly Lion from Wizard of Oz are replaced with Hermione, Ron, Harry and Neville, respectively?
Dan Kuso vs Ash Ketchum: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this duel: Jackie Chan Holding a Panda Versus MacGyver Holding a Missile?
Who'd win, The Kraken vs. 50 Great White Sharks?
Dovahkiin v. Saphira
Did Sauron ever win any war that he fought?
Who would win a battle between The Green Hornet/Kato vs Batman/Robin?
Who would win, Sabine vs Droideka?
Who would win in a fight between Gotenks and Super Perfect Cell?
Who would win, Hercules vs Predator?
Can Linda Danvers Captain Marvel handle Thor one-on-one?
Christian Bale Batman in Dark Knight vs Batfleck in a fight to the death
How many copies of Jack Black would it take to defeat Jack Noir ?
Is there any Need For Speed racing competition to win prizes?
Who will win between Chhota Bheem and The Hulk?
How long can South Korea hold out against the USA?
If a foreign military invaded USA, would US people who fought back be "insurgents" , or "patriots"?
Who is the strongest character that Jontron, assuming all feats in his videos are canon, could defeat?
Who would win in a battle between an M1Abrams and Leopard?
Who would win in a fight between Jaime "Kingslayer" Lannister and Khal Drogo?
Who would win, South Korea vs. Canada?
Nick Fury gets teleported to Westeros
Fictional Characters Fighting: In hand-to-hand combat between James Rockford of the Rockford Files and Steve McGarrett of Hawaii Five-O, who would win?
MCU T'Challa vs MCU Steve Rogers: with denim: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight to the death, MCU , the Hulk, or DCEU’s Doomsday?
Donald Trump versus Kim Jong-un in poker, who wins?
Marvel question: Who would win in a fight between the Sentry and Dark Phoenix?
Tai Lung vs Lord Shen: Who would be the winner?
Who wins in a battle between 2 chimpanzees and 1 gorilla?
Which would you find scarier to know: that there will be three world wars or four world wars? Why?
Who'd win, Wolverine vs Ronan The Accuser?
Who would win this brawl: Rick Sanchez from Rick & Morty vs Saitama from One Punch Man?
Would World War 3 surely end quick if it ever started, if someone let off enough EMPs?
Taylor Hebert/Skitter/Weaver from Worm at the height of her power vs. Ant Man: Who would win?
Who would win, Iron Monger or Iron Man Mark 5?
Each Marvel/DC character can now only use feats from promotional meterials, not the actual comics or movies.
Who would win, John Wick or Christian Wolff from the Accountant, and why?
If Bruce Lee faced a bear inside a cage who would win?
Who'd win, Perfect Cell vs President Johnathan Blackjack?
Could the Rebel Alliance beat North Korea?
Who would win in a war between the Vatican City and all of the killer bees in the world?
Who would win, Superman vs Darkseid and Brainiac?
Bruce Wayne vs. Manny Pacquiao in a boxing match: Who would be the champion?
If all the servants in all the the Fate series fought the characters in Highschool DXD, which side would win?
Every pope in history in a big battle royal.
I don't own television, who is winning the presidential race? Do you think Donald Trump will win or Hillary Clinton and why?
What are the chances of WWIII? Who will be involved? What will be the consequences?
A team is assembled for Operation Mindfuck. Can this fucked-up team accomplish these missions?
Does being tall give you any advantages in a fight?
Who would be the victor out of 6 navy seals vs Mellonlord, and why?
Who would win, A really mean rodeo bull vs. a really hungry african male lion?
If there is a fight between DC's Superman and Marvel's Thanos, who will win?
Who'd win, 10 NFL players vs 1 elephant?
Did America lie about putting a man on the Moon to win the Space Race against Russia?
How many gorillas would it take to kill an elephant with their bare hands?
Who would win in a fight between Master Chief and Jean Grey?
If every god from every religion fought, who would win?
GOP Presidential Nomination Race : Why did Gingrich win in South Carolina?
Who would win, Cookie Puss vs. Fudgie the Whale?
Who would claim victory out of Flash Vs Quick Silver Comics Comics included, and why?
Who'd win, Oddjob vs Speedwagon?
What would happen if an army of Norwegian Vikings fought an army of Red Indian Apachies? Who would win?
Your Favorite Character vs. an r/Bossfight gauntlet.
Grey Knight vs Ghost Rider: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a battle: Hulk or Yoda
All the named dragons in Skyrim vs all the named dragons in A Song of Ice and Fire
Make your team and run a gauntlet!
A class of 30 college students is coming to rob you of all your money. You get the choice of 1 real weapon, what do you choose and how do you survive with it?
Who would win in an armed fight between Montgomery "Scotty" Scott and Rey?
Who would win in a fight on neutral ground with one hour of preparation Dumbledore or Superman?
You vs a bloodthirsty silverback gorilla Who would win?
Who is the strongest being/team the DC Anti-Trinity can take down?
What does it mean when they ask you about winning a race by 40 meters?
Could Jon Stewart win a NYC mayor's race?
How many hippos would it take to kill a T Rex
Who would win between 300 Spartans and 300 Marines? No weapons or prep time.
Who would win, Hulk vs Fate/Zero world?
Who would win: An average male adult grizzly bear or an average male adult silverback gorilla?
Your Team of 3 Characters vs An Unlimited Amount of Navy Seal Ninja's.
Resident Evil 7, but Ethan is replaced by Courage the cowardly dog
What if Africa went into a massive continental war?
Who would win, Muhammad Ali vs Sandy Cheeks?
Who would win, Donald Trump, Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell vs. Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi, and Chuck Schumer?
What would happen if Iran nuked Azerbaijan?
Who would win in a fight, Kratos or Morgoth?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Comic Book Universe Battles! Battle #1: Spider-Man Villans VS Batman Villains, and why?
Which team would win in a fight, Arthur Dayne & Rhaegar Targaryen & Oberyn Martell or Barristan Selmy & Robert Baratheon & Jaime Lannister?
Battle of the fictional bands.
Who would win in a fight: Voldemort or Eragon?
Who would win, Kratos vs Sargeras?
Who will win in a fight between Iron Man and Blue Beetle?
Who would win in a fight, Doctor Doom or Galactus?
If every supervillain in Batman's Rogues' Gallery fought an all out war against each other, who would win?
Whose the strongest thing Bacon can beat?
Who'd win, The universes of Marvel and DC collide, and the most powerful heroes and villains of each universe unite for a cause?
Which religion has the most powerful god, judging by feats?
Who would win, Composite Human or New 52 Shazam?
Who'd win, Esdeath vs Fate Stay Night Servants?
Who'd win, Golden Frieza vs. Omega Shenron?
Who'd win, Major Motoko Kusanagi and Batou vs T-1000?
Bat Family Brawl in Gotham
Between the Army and Marines infantry, who would see more combat in a time of war?
What two combines animals would be the most horrifying?
Who would win this battle: Izuku Midoriya vs Frisk?
What were the major differences between the Soviet and US/NATO combat doctrines?
All the dinosaurs that died on Earth are revived on Coruscant as Dinobots and set free to rampage the planet
Every single final boss of the Final Fantasy series is thrown together onto one world. In a last man standing battle to the death, which boss wins?
Who will win in a fight between Superman and Wonder Man?
Who would win in a war between the Spykman's "Rimland" and Mackinder's "Heartland"?
A person with faster reaction time vs a person with faster combat speed: Who would be the champion?
What would be the result of a fight between Naruto and Goku?
Who would claim victory out of Wonder Woman vs. Godzilla, and why?
Who would win in a swimming race, the Flash or Aquaman?
What is it like to get in a fight with someone with social anxiety disorder?
Who would win this combat: One thousand ants vs one hundred frogs?
Who would win in a match between Serena Williams and Andre Agassi?
For reasons that I don't fully remember, my roommate and I are arguing over who would win between an average Canadian and an average Irishman.
Who would win in a full on war between Saudi Arabia and Nigeria?
Kai vs Guts: Who would win?
Who would win in a street fight, a well trained marine that has never been in a street fight or a non-disciplined civilian who has been in 300 street fights?
"The Greatest Shooter of All Time" Is Given One Weapon... A BB Gun???
Who would win in a war between Cambodia and Laos?
Who will win in a fight betwen Superman and the team of Wolverine, Iron Fist, Luke Cage, Daredevil, Spiderman and the Thing?
Who would win this war: Battle of the Sociopaths: Voldemort vs. The Slaughterhouse Nine?
In a battle between How I Met Your Mother and Friends, which show do you think would win, and why?
An alpha male chimp vs Hafthor Bjornsson
How would you defeat your least favorite superhero in the most extravagant, grandiose, overkill way possible?
Who'd win, TMNT vs Furious Five vs Masters of Spinjitzu?
Who would win in a fight, Zeref Dragneel or Goku?
Who would win, Android 18 vs Jiren?
Lion Vs. Gorilla: Who would be the champion?
Grad student vs cheetah: Who would win?
Suppose the US strikes North Korea and the north fires back in retaliation, how would the world know who started the war considering the news we get is heavily based on American views?
Who would win, Barrack Obama, Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping Vs. The Gang from It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia?
What is it like to get in a fight with someone who's drunk?
What are some of the "slow and steady wins the race" type moments in business?
Who would win, Juggernaut and Colossus from Fox's Deadpool 2 movie or MCU Hulk?
If a war started between the U.S. and Russia over the Syrian Civil War, which countries do you think would support Russia?
How can I beat Chuck Norris in a fight?
Who would win a fight between Ultron and Loki?
Who would win, Drax vs Cyborg?
What is the correlation between ritualistic behavior and combating anxiety?
Who would win in a war between North Korea and the Institute from Fallout 4?
Who would be the winner out of Weakest Marvel 616 Character that could turn the tide of Infinity War and defeat Thanos , and why?
Who would win this combat: Ghost Rider VS Hal Jordan?
Who would win, Superman or Bat Girl?
You vs 100 bloodlusted feral dogs! Who would win?
Who would win, Black Adam with 100% of Power from DC Comics vs Goku Black/Present Zamasu from Dragon Ball Super?
1000 Lions verses 10 Navy Seals
At what year in history could the North Korea of 2015 no longer defeat the USA of that year?
Who would win a conventional war between Russia and the EU?
Who would win in a battle between Commander Shepard and Adam Jensen?
Who would win this match: The worms are now and their weapons are scaled to the size of a normal guy?
Who would win out of The Hulk vs. The Hulk's weight in bees, and why?
If Instead of the Fire Nation, Water Tribe, ect, You had The Hydrogen Dynasty, the Helium State, and a Civilisation For Each of the Elements on the Periodic Table, Which Would Win In All-Out War?
Who is the strongest character that my hypothetical medieval super-soldier could beat?
Who would win in a fight between a demon/human hybrid and an angel/human hybrid?
Who would win, A Stargate is found in Westeros and SG-1 comes though?
Who would win this match: A company of Alliance Marines from Mass Effect vs the 75th Ranger Regiment from the US Army?
This cat vs Thanos
Who would win in a fight between Hela and Ghost Rider?
Who would win, Chuck Norris vs Naruto and Sasuke?
Batman Replaces the God Emperor of Mankind. How does the Bat Emperor do in the 40k?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or The Shredder?
Who would win in a fight, Kakashi with 2 Sharingan or current 34-year-old Sasuke?
If all governments in the world disappeared tonight, who would win the resulting war between Google and Apple for world domination?
If you could pick one character from Lord of the Rings and one from the Avengers to have a death match who would you choose and why?
Who'd win, A penguin sized kangaroo or a kangaroo sized penguin?
Who would win, Rick Sanchez vs. Saitama?
Best EU Jedi
Slender Man vs Jeff the Killer - Who Would Win?
Who would win this fight: Elephant vs any 5 different animal of your choosing?
In 24 hours, a wave of flying, lethally venomous spiders will invade your home. The only way to kill them is... With cleaning products or fire. Do you survive?
An enraged Silverback Gorilla or 50 Navy SEALs?
Which would win, Punisher's Battle Van or Batman's Batmobile?
Is World War 3 happening?
You vs. You vs. You Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Boromir and Ned Stark? Man against man in single combat, fully armed and armored.
Could 10 Apache helicopters, along with ammunition and the required maintenance crews, made a difference during World War 2?
Bloodlusted Spider Man goes on a rampage in the real world. How soon can he be stopped?
An alligator versus a Lion
Who would win a war between Mexico, Brazil vs Panama, Peru, Chile, Argentina, Bolivia, Uruguay, Paraguay, Colombia, Venezuela?
Who'd win, Atom vs Ant man?
Who would win in a fight, 1.5bn cows or 20k lions?
Which would win, innovation versus experience?
How many grizzly bears would it take to defeat a Xenomorph ?
Who'd win, A room full of monkeys with typewriters writing the complete works of Shakespeare vs. All the people currently on /r/shakespeare ?
Who's the best sniper Doug from Zootopia can compete with?
Who is the weakest character that could punch Superman’s head off?
Who would win in a fight between Martian manhunter and Lobo?
What's the strongest "real character" me and my friend's "made-up bullshit character", Macaroni Man, can defeat 5/10 times?
Who would win this combat: Class E VS Kid Goku and Krillin?
How strong would a human be if they had the proportional strength of a spider mathematically?
Who'd win, Dauntless-class Light Cruiser vs Epoch-class Heavy Carrier?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between India and Pakistan?
Who would win in a fight to the death Hulk or Harry Potter?
You vs. Judeo Christian God in a wrestling match. Who would win?
Who would be victorious out of Beast King vs. Rob Lucci, and why?
Who would win a war between North Korea and Sweden?
Who would be the champion out of Punisher VS James Bond 007, and why?
Who would win out of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama Vs Sarah Palin and Donald Trump in a bare knuckle fight, and why?
If every one from Bleach and Dragon Ball Z fought for a valid reason who would win? Who would have the longest fight? And Why?
What animal would pick an even fight against an unarmed human man?
1 Silverback Gorilla VS one thousand, 8 year old children: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Yoda Vs Mace Windu?
Who would win in a fight, Rose Wilson or X-23?
Who would win in a battle between a greyhound and a German Shepard?
Who'd win, Tai Lung vs. MCU Thor?
Who will win in a fight between Lex Luthor and Dr Doom?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Kangaroo vs. Deer, and why?
How can I stop crashing in racing games? I win a lot of races, but a lot of times I mess up one corner and do terribly.
Tyrannosaurus rex vs African Bush Elephant: Who would win?
Weakest Character that could defeat Current Luffy?
what if god exist and choose to send you in you favorite fiction verse?
If there were a contest to decide the worst US President ever, who would win, Clinton or Obama?
A Navy Seal in the Olympics, or an Olympian as a Navy Seal: Who would win?
Who would win the fight between Ancient One and Ebony Maw?
What happens if a police officer's equipment is damaged in a fight? Who pays for the damage?
Why is the case of Asifa being made a fight between two religions when it should have been a fight between humanity and those losers?
Who would win, Dyspo vs King Kai?
Who would win in war between Arjuna and Pradyumna?
How do you predict the results of Mayweather vs. McGregor?
With all of the rhetoric coming from the United States and North Korea, what happens if the United States engages a first strike nuclear attack on North Korea? What about for the people and the US military stationed in South Korea?
Super Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann...
Who would win in an epic trio battle between Hellboy, Beast or Nightcrawler?
You become a supervillain. Which superhero do you become a nemesis of? Who would win?
In a deathmatch between the Infinites and Galactus, who would win? How would the fight play out?
Who would be the winner out of The Freeman family vs a huge crocodile, and why?
Who would win, Krillin vs. Rei and Eva Unit No.1?
Zohan vs Captain America: Who would have the edge?
Can an eagle kill a buffalo?
Who is the most powerful supervillain that the Sense of Right Alliance from /r/CrappyOffBrands could beat?
Who would be the champion out of Thor vs the Terrarian, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Booster Gold or Goku?
Who'd win, Whoopie Goldberg vs. Oprah Winfrey vs. Michelle Obama?
Who wins in a fight, Captain Acid or Base Man?
Huge capital is used in state and national elections. Are there any laws from offering an opposed candidate one million dollars to simply drop out of the race with the condition that in the case of winning votes, the candidate refuses the job?
Who would win out of The hulk now has Wolverines regen ability as well as adamantium skeleton and batman a brain. Who is someone that can beat him, and why?
Who do you think would win in a fist fight between a modern day Russian soldier and a Nazi soldier from WW2?
Who would win, Kratos and Atreus are dropped into the world of Dark Souls?
How would one of today's naval carrier groups fare against the Japanese Armada at Pearl Harbor?
You VS. Randy from Trailer Park Boys. Piss Jug and Bottle kids battle Who would win?
All the Injustice characters are replaced by their main comic book counterparts, who would win in an all-out battle royale?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Trigon and Darkseid , or Galactus and Dormammu?
Who wins in a battle between Sun Wukong and Goku?
Who would win, 10 Templars or 5 Masyaf low-level Assassins?
Who would win, Beerus or Vegeta SSJBlue?
Who would win in a fight, Toxin, Carnage, or Venom?
Who would win this match: Indominus Rex vs. Spinosaurus?
Who would win an all-out war between Pakistan and India if no other country got involved?
Who would win this punch-up: Aokiji, Kizaru, Akainu, Luffy, and Whitebeard vs. '95-96 Chicago Bulls in a game of Basketball?
What is the role of America in the fight between Ukraine and Russia?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Venom?
A pissed off Gorilla wearing a neck tie kidnaps a woman and tries to take refuge at a construction site. Can a team of 8 construction workers kill the gorilla while saving the woman: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between Sasuke post war and Kakashi with 2 Sharingan?
Yoko Ono who's mastered every Skyrim shout vs a girl named Jude, Lucy in the sky with diamonds, a yellow submarine, Eleanor Rigby, a blackbird, a Nowhere Man, and a Walrus.
Who would win in a nuclear or non-nuclear war, NATO or BRICS?
Who is the strongest person Yoda with a revolver could kill?
How many gibbons would it take to defeat a chimpanzee?
Who would win this match: The room is filling up with water and Mike Tyson has only one way out?
How many Cats Are required to defeat a dog ?
Why didn’t Sweden help Finland during WW2?
Hypothetically, if a war happens between India and Japan, who will win?
Crocodile Dundee vs Killer Croc: Who would win?
Who will win in a war between the Holy Roman Empire and Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth?
Every pictures event in Calvin and Hobbes actually happened, who is the strongest opponent Calvin and his tiger can defeat
Who would be victorious out of snarf from Thunder Cats vs. Scooby doo, and why?
Who would be the champion out of Bigby Wolf vs Wolverine, and why?
John Wick becomes a Ghost Rider. Who's the strongest he can defeat?
Who would win, Mystic Gohan vs Bulma?
If Master Yoda and Wolverine fought, who would win?
If all the DBS G.o.D.s fought in a battle-royal style, sub as in a manga, but this time, to the death, Who would win?
What will happen if all Marvel characters had to fight with all of the DC Comics characters? Who would win?
Who would win, Deathwatch Kill-Marine vs. Yautja Clan Leader?
Who would win in an ultimate crossover between MCU, DCEU & Dragon Ball excluding One-Above-All & The Presence?
Who would win in a fight between Tony Jaa and Jean-Claude Van Damme?
Who would win, The Flash, Edward Scissorhands, and Ant-Man have a Threesome together. Who apologizes first?
Who would win a war between the US Navy versus all of the world's navies in the South China Sea?
Who would win in a fight between World Breaker Hulk and Superman Prime One Million?
Which nation would win today in an all-out war, South Korea or Japan?
Knight Artorias and his best friend Sif vs Jake the dog and Finn the human Adventure Time: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, a human with a axe vs a human with a pick axe?
Who would win, Ruby vs Weiss Schne?
SEAL team Six vs US secret service: Who would win?
Who is the most powerful DBZ character that Superman can beat?
Who would have won in a war between Sun Tzu and Attila the Hun?
Who would win between Queen Elsa and Iceman?
Who would win in a fight between Dark Phoenix/Jean Grey and Pre-House of M Scarlet Witch?
Who would win in a fight between Flash and Quicksilver?
Black Panther vs Nightwing: Who would win?
Mighty Joe Young vs An African Bush Elephant: Who would be the winner?
DEATH BATTLE!!! Mr. Rodgers VS Tom Dubois: Who would have the edge?
Who will win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Gamora?
Who would win in a fight, Aragorn or Jaime Lannister?
Who would win, Ezio Auditore vs Federico Auditore?
Who'd win, One Punch Man vs Squirrel Girl?
Who will win battle between Agrawals and Jews?
Who would win in a fight between Snake Plissken, Jack Burton, and Captain Ron?
Who would win in a fight between Juggernaut vs. Thor?
Who do you predict will win the Florida senate race in 2018?
Who will win if a war is held between Pakistan and India based on nuclear weapons?
If the US left and declared war on NATO, who would win?
Do Infinity Stones work in Dormmamu's Dark Dimension? Could Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet successfully fight Dormammu?
Who would win in a fight between DC's Barbatos and Kratos?
Have you ever fought a fight you couldn’t win?
Which would win, a wasp or a wolverine?
Who would win in a non-nuclear war between the USA and Russia? Both sides are demanding unconditional surrender?
Who would win a fight between Samurai Jack and Roronoa Zoro?
Who is the strongest pokemon master cheif can beat in hand to hand combat?
Who would win in a fight between Deontay Wilder and Anthony Joshua?
Who would win, Harambe The Gorilla vs Cecil The Lion?
Who would win out of Genos VS Franky, and why?
Why is a close combat between military aircraft called a dogfight?
Po is put into Westeros, how far does he get?
Palpatine vs Voldemort: Who'd kill 100 bears faster: Who would be the champion?
Who would win this punch-up: A Chimpanzee VS The Hulk in a game of Chess?
Who would win in a fight between Azog The Defiler and The Mountain?
Will China attack India now or in the summer?
Who would win, 4v4 - Xbox vs Playstation. Details inside?
Who would win in a fight Mistworlds characters or Roshars?
Who would come out on top out of Brock Lesnar vs Spotted hyena, and why?
Who would win, Hanzo vs Takumi?
Kong vs. Leatherback: Who would come out on top?
Jealous of their rivals, the two superhero studios decide to resort to drastic options: the DCEU tries to kidnap Kevin Feige, while the MCU tries to kidnap Wonder Woman
True hierarchy in DC Universe?
Are Palin and Christie staying out of the race because they think Obama will likely win?
What is the most ridiculous war ever fought in our history?
Warhammer 40k vs Star Wars... In Gladiatorial Combat
Who is the strongest character a run of the mill, great white shark could beat at least 1/10?
Who would win, Dr. Manhattan vs Lucifer Morningstar?
Will the UK be affected in World War 3?
Who would win in a real fight between Ronaldo and Messi?
How brutal was ancient warfare?
Who'd win, Peak human with an adamantium spear vs. bull elephant in mast?
Who would win, Superman vs Champa?
Adolf Hitler VS Joseph Stalin: Who would win?
What would modern combat between two squads of elite special forces troops look like, assuming it's a sudden encounter in an urban area?
What is the most effective martial art for real world situations?
Who would win, Odin Force from Marvel Comics vs Chakravartin from Asura's Wrath video game?
a fat alchemist fights a fatal chemist who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Iron Man?
Who would win a lap on a racetrack: some random inexperienced guy in a Lamborghini or a professional race driver in a Camry? Has something like this been done?
Every human on Earth is magically combined into a single being. Who is the weakest character who can beat Human?
Who would win, The entire country of South Africa vs 15 Million Lions?
Who would win: Winnie the Pooh VS An Actual Bear
Who would win this war: Bloodborne's Shadows of Yharnam vs Dark Souls 2's "Gank Squad" boss?
Who is the strongest Vampire in fiction?
In the Justice League film, if you had to replace the four members who fought Superman with four MCU Avengers, who would you choose? Could you win?
An arm wrestling match between Michele Obama and Brienne of Tarth.
Who would win. A Kodiak bear or a White Rhino?
Who would win, Hulk vs Hulk?
If Nawaz Shareef and Imran Khan fought each other to death, who would win?
Who would be the champion out of Quake joins the Avengers/Guardians during Infinity War against Thanos and his children, and why?
Who would win a battle between the Mongols and Alexander the Great's Army?
Who would win in a fight: Rocky Balboa or Mike Tyson?
Who would win this match: Resident Evil 0 BOWs vs The Hogwarts Express?
Who's the weakest character that can completely tank Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan Goku's kamehameha?
Who would win, the SAS assassination squad vs SAS CRW?
Who would win in a fight between Robert Baratheon and Boromir?
Who would have the edge out of John Hancock vs North Korea, and why?
The Great Debate Season 2 Round 2 Results
If Jaqen H'ghar is given a contract to kill Melisandre, will he able to do so?
Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman vs Professor X, Magneto, and Quicksilver: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this brawl: Kodiak Bear vs. Silverback Gorilla?
Who would win this fight: The Death Eaters and Death the Kid attempt to infiltrate and destroy the Death Star staffed by Death Troopers led by Deathstroke?
Who would win in a one-on-one battle between a Kzin male and a Klingon warrior?
Who will win a war between the Islamic State and Israel alone without the help of the USA?
Who would win out of Trial by combat, your champion vs Gregor Clegane, and why?
Can you assassinate the president with these abilities ?
Who would win in a fight: Teal'c, D'Argo, or Worf?
Will conflicts between the alt-right and the Marxist ANTIFA escalate into armed combat?
If a civil war between PKK and the other Turks were to happen who would win?
If WWIII were to happen, what countries are most likely to have an alliance?
Why can't American people believe their president will be the source of World War III?
Who would win, A skilled knife fighter with a knife vs An amateur baseball player with a bat?
Every named human vs. every unnamed human in your favourite world.
1 Hulk vs 2 Iron-men vs 4 Spider-men vs 8 Deathstrokes vs 16 Wolverines vs 32 Batmen vs 1,000,000 Stephen Hawkings with chainsaws attached to the front of their wheelchairs: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight between Sailor Galaxia and MCU Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet?
Knight VS Samurai: Who would be the winner?
What is the difference between an Army Combat Uniform and a Battle Dress Uniform?
Who would win this duel: Piccolo without his weighted armor vs Piccolo with weighted armor + Zoidberg?
Who would win in a fight: Kylo Ren or Anakin Skywalker?
In a fight, should you make the opponent angrier?
Who will win, Kakashi or the Raikage?
Who would win in a war between Quorans and Facebookers?
Who would win out of The Hulk falls to dark side and becomes a Sith lord, giving him dark side powers. Who is the strongest character he can beat, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Crocodile or Gaara?
How safe is Mongolia from WW3?
Who would win in a war between Australia and Indonesia?
Who is a more powerful air bender, Avatar Aang or the Big Bad Wolf?
Who would win, Micheal from Supernatural in season 14, or Thanos with the Power Stone?
Who would win, Morel or All Might?
Who would have won a sniping duel between Vasily Grigoryevich Zaytsev & Simo Hayha?
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs Tai Lung?
If Srilanka and India go to war, who will win?
Does Arn Menconi have a chance of winning the senate race in Colorado? Will there be a third party U.S. representative in the near future?
Who would win, Arisia vs Ch'p?
Leman Russ the Wolf-axis of evil
You with a shotgun vs. an animal ladder. Who would win?
Who would win, the Gladiator Hyphan or the Holy Knight Hyphan?
Who would win a war between Vietnam and Thailand?
Who is winning in the Syrian War, the USA or Russia, and why?
How do they go about teaching WW2 in Germany, Japan, Thailand, Romania, and other ex-axis countries?
Who is the weakest dingo that can eat Baby Vegeta?
If the world was controlled by an AI that was the Bible, how would the story play out?
Who would win this war: Floyd Mayweather with brass knuckles vs 5 hyenas?
Who would come out on top out of Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne build Armless Tiger Man a suit. Who is the strongest person he can now defeat, and why?
20,000 chickens versus 1 knight, who will win?
Alexander the Great vs Phillip II
Who would win this war: Groot vs Tree beard?
Who would win, Black Order vs S-Class Heroes?
If war between the U.S. and Russia broke out, how would Democrats respond?
Barney The Dinosaur and Barney from "How I Met Your Mother" are in a dance off, who wins? And why?
1 Silverback Gorilla vs 1 Lion: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between all Pokemon ever created?
Who would win this brawl: Tyrannosaurus-Rex vs. Giganotosaurus?
Who would win, Humans and dogs switch places. Can civilization survive?
Who would win out of Magikarp vs arceus, and why?
Who would win, Danzo vs Orochimaru?
Who would win in a fight between Count Dooku & Darth Maul versus Sidious?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy, Gon, or Natsu?
Why does people think it's OK to make fun of someone's illness? I fought with my BFFs and they used my illness as a winning point to hurt me.
How many Jurassic Park raptors would it take to kill a Predator?
Who would win, MCU Battle: Luke Cage vs. Captain America?
If a war happens between India, the USA, Irasel, UK, Russia, Japan, and Bhutan against China, Pakistan, Australia, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and , who has more of a chance to win?
Who would win this match: Floyd Mayweather vs Garry Kasparov at chessboxing?
My Lego Army Vs Your Lego Army http://imgur.com/gallery/0YhKlLr
Your favourite superhero and their archenemy fuse into one being
Who would win, Perfect Nazo or Boros?
Who would win this duel: Hal Jordan Vs. Jorgan Von Strangle?
Is the fight between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton closer than it appears to be?
If you put a human from 2000 years ago into a fight with Conor McGregor, with no weapons, who would win?
What are chances of Delhi getting totally destroyed if a war erupts between Indian and Pakistan?
Who would win, Goku Dad vs Superman Dad?
Lara Raith vs Jean-Claude: Who would be the victor?
Who would win between Ben 10 and Goku?
How would an all out war play out between the Galactic Republic and the Protoss? Both factions being at the height of their power.
Who would win, modern day Zimbabwe or the British Empire of 1893?
Who would win in a war between our world and the Wizards of the Harry Potter world?
Who would win this match: The Chicago Bulls vs. a Chicago bull?
Honestly, how effective are the martial arts in a real fight, particularly against a guy who is a huge pro power-lifter, who can pull an entire train, and is light on his feet?
Who would win a fight between a balrog and a dragon?
Who would come out on top out of sans VS Saitama, and why?
Should I talk to my father after a big fight between us?
Who would win out of 10,000 High Elves Vs 10,000 Unsullied, and why?
Who would win in a battle between 1,000 Vietnamese soldiers and the Uruk-hai army from Isengard at the Battle of Helm’s Deep?
Could the crew from GTA V manage in the world of Sleeping Dogs?
The World's strongest man vs. a 200 pound chimpanzee: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Would Daken ever beat Wolverine in a fight?
Who'd win, Annie Wilkes vs Jack Torrance?
Who would win in a fight, Lord Voldemort or Luke Skywalker?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto, Luffy or Ichigo?
In a fight between you and a copy of you, who would win?
Who would win between Freelancer Texas from Red vs. Blue, or 1000 storm troopers from Star Wars?
Who does Simon Trevor think will win the self-driving car race?
Mega Man kills the Marvel universe
Who would win, Gorilla vs Giraffe?
Who'd win, Green Andaconda vs Giant Pacific Octopus?
Who would win in a war between Germany and Deutschland?
The White Whale is attacking Brockton Bay. How well do they fare?
Who would win this punch-up: A naked Batman VS Bruce Lee, Mike Tyson, 10 average men, and 2 trained Police dogs?
What will happen to the Republican Party if Donald Trump wins the nomination but loses the presidential race by a very large margin?
Who would win in a fight against the hulk?
Who'd win, Tai Lung Vs. Ash-Greninja?
Who would be the victor out of Brian Robeson vs. Sam Gribley vs. Juana Maria vs. Matt James Hallowell in a survival contest, and why?
Your profile picture and the last person you Googled get in a fight. Who wins?
Which cricket players would you choose if there is a match between left handed vs right handed people? Who would win?
What does anyone think I should do to win an invasion of Canada if the supervision of the war was all up to me?
Who would win this match: Superman vs Hela?
What if the more elite of the USNC manage to steal some weaponry in a hypothetical fight or battle?
What is the best win ever by a racehorse in a quality race?
Who would win in a fight between Naruto in his strongest form of KCM and Luffy in the Big Mom arc?
Dark Souls VS Skyrim: Who would be the champion?
How big would a snail have to be to beat you in a fight?
If World War 3 happens, what will it be like?
an army of sharks with lasers vs an army of octopuses with swords
Captain America vs Dr. Octopus: Who would come out on top?
Who will win, Netflix’s Daredevil or MCU’s T'Challa?
A woolly rhinoceros is trying to break into your house. You have to keep him out for 10 minutes. Can you do it?
Who would win in a fight between all the Dark Jedi?
Who would win in a fight, Goku Black or Naruto?
Who'd win, Talion vs Guts?
'Their precision is legendary. The Yuyan can pin a fly to a tree from a hundred yards away without killing it.' Who is the strongest they can catch?
Could The/A Dark Souls Protagonist Beat Ichigo?
Your birthday determines the villain after you. You get powers. Can you survive?
hypothetical race:If we have a road race between an electric scooter made in 2018 and the 1900 car, who would win, and why?
Movie/TV Off-Topic
Amateur Hour - WWW Obscure Character Awareness - Week 8
Every President of the United States vs the Current Leader of Every Country on Earth
Who would win in a war between the White Walkers of ASOIAF and 14th century Europe?
Who would win, A Great white VS. A hippopotamus?
Who'd win, Batman vs. Various Bat Characters?
What can you do to prepare for the possible WW3?
Edward Elric vs Mami Tomoe: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Grey Hulk vs She-Hulk?
What is the weakest character that could solo World War II?
Did those who voted in the last presidential race vote for Hillary or Trump because they believed they were the right person for the job or because they didn't want to see the other person win?
Which Sci-Fi space ship from the ones in this picture would win in a fight to the death?
Who would win in a war between Hungary and Slovakia?
If all African countries were to go to war, which one will win?
Who would win, 11 actual lions vs 11 actual bengal tigers?
Who would have won in a war between Seleucus Nicator and Ptolemy?
Who would win out of The Avengers vs. Calvin, and why?
Who would win the fight between a shark and an octopus?
Who would win a 300m race between Usain Bolt and Wayde Van Niekerk?
Can India win the WW3?
Hey /r/WhoWouldWin, You're Subreddit of the Day! Congrats!
Who would win in a battle between 100,000 fire ants, and 25,000 termites? Assuming an open terrain?
Who would win in a fight between a fully steel-armed knight and a Roman gladiator?
Who would win this battle: North vs South, Two Polar Bears vs a Bull Southern Elephant Seal?
Who would win, 3nd form Frieza or Piccolo?
Who would win in the war between love and ego? Why?
Could humans win a war against aliens under the right circumstances?
Who will win in a fight between Captain America and Hawkman?
Lord Boros is attacking Namek instead of Freiza. How far can he get/is he defeated?
Who would win this war: Obama with the powers of your 2 fav superheroes vs. Kim Jong Un with the powers of your 2 fav supervillains?
How would the modern United States military carry out the D-Day invasion if sent back to 1944?
Who would win, a dozen AIM agents equipped with typical equipment, or the Taskmaster?
Would a leopard, a cheetah, or a jaguar win in a fight?
Nicolas Cage Battle Royale
Who would win, Sundipped Superman vs Trigon?
Star Wars Movies: Who would in a fight, Hux or Tarkin?
Featured Team: The Guardians of the Galaxy
Who would win in a fight between Ancalagon the Black and Ungoliant?
Who would win in a fight between a male Boerboel dog and a male wolf?
If there is a nuclear war who would fight?
Sanji sees Hank Pym slap Janet van Dyne. Enraged, he attacks Pym. Who wins?
Daisy Johnson trains the Defenders into S.H.I.E.L.D's new Secret Warriors team
Who would win between The Shroud, Daredevil, and Cloak in a battle?
You must sneak into Shadow Moses Who would win?
Who would win this match: Kung Fury vs Po?
Who is the strongest character the cast of Nichijou can beat if we take gag feats as normal feats?
Who would win in a fight: Itachi vs Sasuke?
What would happen if Israel went to war with Syria and Iran, could it trigger World War III?
Black Panther vs Kylo Ren: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Godzilla and Goku?
What species would become the most deadly if suddenly granted an Ant-Level Cooperation?
Who would win, Thanos or Thor?
Who would win in this four way U.S. civil war?
Featured Character: Amuro Ray and the RX-78-2 Gundam
All time US presidential election
Who would win in a war between Nazi Germany and the US as they were in 1940, with no external allies?
Who would win, Anakin Skywalker and Thor fight to win the affections of Natalie Portman. Who gets the girl?
Any hyper advanced race attempts to occupy Earth but they have to beat all the supernatural forces . Who would win?
100 First Order Stormtroopers Vs. 100 B2 Super Battle Droids: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Kimimaro vs. Rock Lee?
If every human being that died came back to life, obtained weapons from the time that they were alive, and jointly declared war on the present day United Nations, who would win?
Who would win this combat: Geralt of Rivia vs Talion?
Who would win, GT SS Goku vs GT SS2 Goku?
300 Spartans vs. 300 Unsullied: Who would have the edge?
Who would win this war: Hogwarts is teleported aboard the deathstar. Inside Hogwarts is the Pandorica. Inside the Pandorica is Ashton Kutucher. What non- teleporting or reality warping character can punch him in the face?
Who would have won in a war between Imperial Rome and Han Dynasty?
Who'd win, Fox Magneto , Fox Apocalypse, Fox Juggernaut and Fox Colossus VS Thanos?
There's a new master of Hokuto Shin Ken in town... AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA
Beat this character
Who would win in a fight between Captain America and Black Widow?
How did the Romans counter the phalanx when they invaded Greece?
Who would win in a fight, 1,000 adult bears lined up shoulder to shoulder or 1,000 adult humans 50 meters away, lined up with standard issue 5.56 military rifles?
Dudley vs Balrog vs Little Mac vs Sandman. Who would win in this boxing free for all?
Leonidas V Achilles
Trained attack pit-bull vs. Average MMA fighter
"if there was a war fought between education & experience in particular sector , who would win and why? "
Who would win, Touhou-verse vs. Aurbis?
Who would win, Ash's Pikachu vs Red's Poliwrath?
In a war of Brazil vs Portugal, who would win?
5 Grey Wolves VS 1 Siberian Tiger: Who would be victorious?
Is it true that F1 drivers receive orders such as, "You have to let your teammate win this race"?
Who’ll win a fight between a cowboy, a samurai, a vaquero, and a shepherd who knows martial arts?
Barrack Obama vs. Vladimir Putin: Who would be the champion?
Who would claim victory out of Juggernaut vs Lobo vs Spawn vs Ghost Rider vs Doomsday vs Hulk vs The Mask vs Alucard. In this battle of immortals who is the first to leave the battlefield, bored by the fight, and why?
Who would win the battle of Karina vs. Natalia vs. Saber?
SUPERNATURAL SHOWDOWNNNNNNNNNNNN
Donald Trump kills John Wick's dog.
Of all of Nicolas Cage's characters, who would win in a fight to the death?
12 universes, 12 fighters, 12 unique items, 1 winner. Who Would Win?
Who would win in a fight, among Doomsday, Thanos and Darkseid?
Can John Matrix stop the T-1000
Your favorite team runs a Capture the Flag gauntlet against Worm capes
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Detective Chimp vs Batman, and why?
Who would win in a war between Israel and Palestine? Why?
Who'd win, Pack of Gray Wolves vs Pride of Lions?
You now have kage level chakra reserves, but can only use physical transformation, body replacement and shadow clones. How would you become US leader? Who would win?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in an all-out conventional war between Switzerland and Belgium?
Who would win, WhoWouldWinCourt: People vs. Darth Vader?
Who will win if it is Hrithik versus Puneet in dance?
Who would win, Beerus Full Power vs Darkseid?
Who would win this fight: Laxus Dreyar vs Sir Crocodile?
Which is the weakest NBA team that could win this year's championship if Aomine Daiki was added to their team?
You with cheese wheel powers versus the MCU Who would win?
Who would win, Captain America vs. the Rhino?
My grilfriend n I are arguing over who would win out of Darth Vader vs Link
A 25 man, top tier geared, level 100 World of Warcraft raid group is dropped onto various iterations of Earth . Are there any heroes or teams that can take them down: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a war between Brazil and Mexico?
Who would win this battle: A pack of chimps Vs. a male alpha lion?
How many zombies coula a T-Rex kill before the horde eats the T-Rex
My cat vs your cat.
Who would win in a war between World Of Warcraft Orcs and Middle Earth Elves?
Who will win in a hypothetical war between the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom and the Confederate States of America?
Who would win in a fight, Quicksilver or Colossus?
Vegeta vs Ghost Rider: Who would have the edge?
Who would be the victor out of Ricky Ho VS Sleepy John Estes, and why?
Remember that dog that Liam Neeson's daughter said she wanted in Tak3n? well she found one...
Where in the world could hypothetical wars take place within the next few years?
Who would win, Gorr, the God Butcher vs Kratos, The God of War?
Who would win a fight, Steven Seagal vs. Chuck Norris?
Who would claim victory out of Penguins vs The Furious 5, and why?
Who would win this battle: Poe vs Batman?
Saw this on /r/gifs. Would you survive best against an alligator, shark, lion or anaconda: Who would win?
What would happen if ISIS managed to launch an attack within France that kills thousands of French people and take over sections of mainland France? What would be the French government's response and the response in French society?
Who will win a fight between a brown bear and a green anaconda?
Who would win this combat: Cow vs Pig vs Chicken?
Which ship would win in a three way battle between the Yamato, Montana, and a vessel of the proposed H41 class?
Who would win out of Bakugo Katsuki vs Mr. 5, and why?
Weakest character that can stomach George's Marvelous Medicine?
Which brand is likely to win in a fight to death, Marvel or DC?
What animal can beat an enraged hippo in its natural habitat?
Who would win, a pack of hyenas or a pack of wolves?
What is the strongest real world animal a human can beat in unarmed combat?
sci-fi tournament battle discussion thread round 1
Who would have the edge out of Base Naruto vs Base Luffy in a Boxing Match, and why?
Who would win out of One-Million Six Foot Long Ants Vs. All Humans, and why?
Do business owners think of employees just as horses for winning the race?
Who would win, Naruto or Might Guy?
Who would win in a fight between the Foo Fighters and Queens of the Stone Age?
Who would win in a fight, Sailor Jupiter or Dragon Shiryu?
Who would win, HK-47 or Boba Fett?
If World War III were to break out, would western countries reinstate conscription?
If World War III comes tomorrow, who would win? I am also asking for the whole world.
Who would win, Goku ssj blue or Bulla?
Who would win this war: Tiger II vs Scorpion Tank?
Who would win this brawl: A Giant Iron Turtle The Size Of A House vs An Equally Big Bonsai Tree Wielding An Adamantium Chicken Leg?
Who would win in a fight, KSI or Batman?
Who would win this match: freedom vs order:every assassin creed protagonists vs darth vader?
Who would win? Mario or Luigi?
Why didn't the dragons in ancient Westeros play much of a role, and what happened to them?
Who would win this war: Batgirl vs. Black Panther?
Who would win in a war between the early 20th century Belgian and Dutch empires?
Who would win in a fight between a Komodo dragon and a grey wolf?
Who'd win, Me vs a whale shark?
Who will win, Wolverine or Deadpool?
Who would win, Cthulhu or Typhon?
Who would win, Champion or Superman?
Who would win in a war between ISIS and the Taliban?
What would happen if all of a sudden all tanks on the axis side starts becoming sentient like in World of Tanks and started attacking allied tanks, and moving on their own, i.e open-topped tank destroyers has no visible crews, turrets turn faster?
In a fight between the Mortal Kombat ninjas and the Mortal Kombat girls, who would win?
Who would win, MCU Okoye or DCEU Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Knuckle vs Phinks?
My friends are stupid for making me ask this... 100,000 fire ants vs an ant eater... :/
Who would win in a hand-to-hand fight without powers, Goku or Naruto?
Who would win in a fight, Ant-Man or Black Panther?
A person sized midget VS A midget sized Person: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Vegeta and Bulma vs Mystic Gohan and Beerus with punches?
Who would win, Toyman vs Lex?
Who would win in a Beyblade battle between Kai, Tyson, and Brooklyn?
If Batman, Nightwing, Batgirl, and Red Robin all fought the strongest form of The Shredder separately, who would win, and how would they?
Who'd win, Anakin Skywalker vs Team Sand?
If Israel and Germany went to war today, who do you think would win?
Who would win this combat: Mass Effect's Citadel Alliance and Station vs Galactic Empire and Death Star?
Who will win in a tag team match between Batman and Superman? What about Thor and the Hulk?
Who would win out of One Punch Man Vs One Slap Man, and why?
Who'd win, The Prince vs Aragorn?
Who would win, Batman vs The Pack?
Team Battle Based On Your Name
What background music grants the best powers?
Who wins in a fight between the Hulk, the Hulk, and the Hulk?
Who would win, Minato or Orochimaru?
Who will win this battle between Whitebeard from One Piece and Madara Uchiha from Naruto Shippuden in their prime?
You can shape shift into any animal and retain all your intelligence, but you stay the same mass, what would be the deadliest animal you could change into? Who would win?
Who's a worse father: Judge or Endeavor
Who will win a war between King Chandragupta Maurya with Chanakya and Akbar the Great?
Who would win, Avengers Quicksilver vs X-Men Quicksilver?
Superhero Exchange Program
Who would win, Mass Effect vs Star Wars vs Halo vs StarCraft vs WH40K?
Who would win, Man with Gorilla strength vs Man with Bear Strength?
Striking art Muay Thai versus Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, who will win?
Who will win in a straight fight, Steve Rogers or Bucky Barnes?
Would Boba Fett be able to beat Starkiller/Galen Marek in a fight in Star Wars? Why or why not?
Who would win out of Sand vs Invincible, and why?
Who would be the winner out of Rocket Raccoon vs Howard the Duck vs Detective Chimp, and why?
Who would win: Saitama or The-One-Above-All?
Who would win this fight: Outer Gods vs. Chaos Gods?
How much would you have to shrink Conor McGregor to beat him in a fight?
Who would win in a fight between a short-faced bear or a T-Rex?
Who would win this battle: A prepubescent prickly pile of pillows vs A dimwitted dank demon deer?
Who would win, Skitter vs. Blake Thorburn : All the Spoilers Edition?
Could Atem beat Death in a game of chess?
Who would win in a fight between Storm and Iceman?
Who would be the champion out of Tau Fire Warrior Cadre vs UNSC Marine Task Force, and why?
Why is it scarier to fight someone alone with no one else watching versus fighting in front of other people?
Who would win, Freya vs Kratos?
Your favorite character vs. Crocodile Dundee at Extreme Kayaking
Who would win, Goku or Zamasu SS2?
Who would win in a fight between a bodybuilder and a male silverback gorilla?
Who would win this duel: Sanji vs. Remy?
Who would win: Ned Stark or Stannis Baratheon?
In a fight between destiny and free will, who is the winner?
Could Nathan Fielder prank both Ashton Kutcher and Sacha Baron Cohen?
Who is the strongest superhero/supervillain that Obi Wan Kenobi could beat?
Who will win the battle for the throne between William and Camilla?
Lightning Max and Snack vs Goreinu and Pokkle
Who'd win, Killer Croc vs. Rhino?
Who would win, Rocky Balboa vs Mike Tyson in a boxing match?
Who would win, LIGHTNING ROUND! Electro VS Static Shock VS Livewire VS Black Lightning?
Who would win in a fight between MCU Quake and Fox Magneto?
could Floyd Mayweather defeat Ivan Drago in a boxing match?
Which side was the aggressor in the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879?
Who would win in a war between Indonesia and Nigeria?
What is the difference between the US Littoral Combat Ship classes "Freedom" and "Independence" other than the contractor?
Who would win in a battle between the entire modern German police/GSG-9 and the 1942 Wehrmacht and Waffen-SS?
Who would be the winner out of Redline: Pick a Team of Your Favorites to Build, Race and Battle Against Other Racers, and why?
Who will win the 4th match between India and Pakistan in the ICC Champions Trophy 2017?
Who would win, A saber tooth tiger vs a raptor?
Cloud v Guts
What are some times a normally lighthearted superhero has gotten dead serious in a fight?
Who'd win, Weakest Character that could climb Korrin's tower and get the Sacred Water?
Who would win in a fight, Frieza or Doomsday?
Who would win a fight: Sasuke or Obi-Wan?
Could any real-world animal survive getting hit by a train?
Every Superhero and Villain on the DC and Marvel Earth gets the Phoenix Force....
Who would win the XKCD sweet 16
What would a war with only shotguns look like?
What is the most forgotten war in history?
Who would win in a fight between 007 and Optimus Prime?
If a world disease broke out that could kill thirty million people, what would be the best and worst countries to be in?
Who would win overall in the trenches between modern soldiers and soldiers of 100 years ago?
Batman decides to kill all superheroes. Who is the weakest superhero to stop him?
It is the nearing the end of World War II. The Allies hold a conference and come to a different consensus than our historical timeline. Operation Unthinkable is approved....
Imagine you end up in a bar fight. If you could choose two historical figures to be on your side, who would they be?
World war 2 never started, Japan has taken over China, it then makes one daring move. It invades India. Who wins the following war.
On March 7th, 2018, a military aircraft/warship approaches and enters a major American coastal city and suddenly attacks the city, killing/injuring hundreds and causing millions/billions in damage.
If Itachi Uchiha and Madara Uchiha fight, who will win?
Who would win in a fight between Ser Barristan Selmy and Ser Arthur Dayne?
Could China of 2016 defeat the USA of 1980's militarily?
Captain America and Black Panther vs Wolverine and Deadpool: Who would be the victor?
Disney's Civil War
Nightwing vs. Hawkeye
If you could make an army using 1 ton of any animals for a battle to the death, what would your army look like? What strategy would you use to win the battle? What if you could only use one type of animal?
Who'd win, Orochimaru vs Deidara?
Who would claim victory out of Pres. Trump vs Pres. Obama in a straight Golf heads up, and why?
Who would win in a one-on-one destroyer battle, the UK or the USA?
If the FBI and the secret service got into a fight with equal numbers, who would win?
The Kingsmen have an open position. One of the agents thaws out Austin Powers as his candidate. Can the International Man of Mystery successfully join the Kingsmen?
Who would win this match: Lord Boros vs Vegeta?
Who would win in a battle between all of these people
Who would be the winner out of Simo Hayah vs Navy Seal Copypasta guy, and why?
What's the most realistic moment-by-moment projection if WW3 broke out?
You talked shit to Conor McGregor on Twitter and you now have to face him in an UFC event. A night before, you became the One Punch Man. How do you win without revealing your powers? Who would win?
Who would win, "Snake Fist" Sneck or Lightning Genji?
Who would win in a war between Timor-Leste and Papua New Guinea?
Who wins, Hokage Naruto/Sasuke versus Six Paths Madara/Obito versus Ashura/Indra versus Momoshiki/Kinshiki, in an all out battle?
Who would be victorious out of Groot vs Treebeard, and why?
Why China can win second place in 4 x 100 Metre race recently in Beijing?
If there is a war between Pakistan, China, and India, who will win?
Who would win in a fight between Anthony Joshua and Floyd Mayweather at his peak?
If war broke out against Sweden, would the USA help us?
Who would win in a fight, Sans or Steven Universe?
House of Evolution vs Chimera Ants: Who would win?
could twelve 12-year-olds beat Joe Rogan in a fight?
Who would win, Madoka Kaname vs The Dresden Files Gauntlet?
Who would win in a war between Indonesia and Brazil if they were neighbors?
Between the Flood and the Reapers , who would win in an all-out battle?
Who would win, The Bat Family vs Marvel Streets?
Who is the strongest character that could beat the Goat from Goat Simulator?
Who would win, The Trinity/Bats,Supes,WW vs Triumvirate?
Everyone currently living on Earth will engage in a FFA. No alliances. It all happens suddenly.
Godzilla surfaces off the shore of North Korea. can they stop him?
You run the gauntlet with avaliable gear. Who would win?
A human gains the power to telepathically control every ant on earth. Can she conquer the world?
Let's say that some disaster or war has wiped out all existing countries. How would humanity reorganize itself? What new countries would there be?
Who would win a war between the United States and Qatar? Why would Qatar win?
How well would an A-10 perform in a modern battlefield?
Who would win in a fight, Zeus or Darkseid?
Election of 2016. All previous presidents are running. Who wins?
Who would win, Darth Vader vs Vision?
Who would be victorious out of Fox in his Arwing vs. Samus in her Gunship, and why?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Superman Prime or the Beyonder?
Who would win if 12 Waffen SS divisions fought against 12 normal US infantry?
How useful can Dothraki and unsullied armies really be in a fight up North, with all the cold and snow?
If there was a fight like Goku-Vegeta vs. all the other DC Marvel characters combined, who would win? Why?
How many chimps would it take, to kill a tiger?
Who will win a war between China and India in 2030?
Who would win, Black Order vs Justice League?
Who would win in a fight between Obito and Jiraiya?
Why is it hard to win an argument versus religious people?
How are you supposed to win a war with an opponent that can out produce you in quantity and quality?
Who would win this fight: Eleven of Stranger Things vs Logan of X-Men?
Who would win, Anakin Skywalker vs Gaara, Toph, Flint Marko, and Crocodile?
Which team would win in a fight to the death, Thanos, Galactus and Franklin Richards or Darkseid, the Spectre and the Presence?
If the war college played a game of armed citizenry against military, would the realistic odds of 200 to 1 be used?
Who'd win, Blackbeard vs Gaara?
Is the Sukhoi Su-35S superior to and cheaper than the F-35?
Who would win in a fight between an African wild dog and a dhole?
Who wins, Captain Universe or Vindicator? Why?
Team Iron Man vs Team Captain America vs the Guardians of the Galaxy vs the Revengers in a battle to the death. Also, which team would you want to join: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this battle: Harry and Marv must rob the Union Depository from GTA V, Can they do it?
Goku's Durability vs 4 Kings: Who would come out on top?
Who would win if it was Minato vs Itachi? What about if Minato, Naruto, and Boruto fought Itachi, Sasuke, and Sarada?
How many feral house cats could the average human take on? Peak human?
Who would win this war: A pack of grey wolves vs a pack of scientifically accurate velociraptors?
Who would win, Liam Neeson's character from "Taken" vs. the ghost in this video?
The God of Lightning runs a Gauntlet
Who would win in a straight up man fight between The Lich King the master and lord of the Scourge vs Tyrael the Archangel of Justice
What character would make the most awesome fist bump with Thanos with the infinity gauntlet
What would happen if you pit the Zeta Metroid or greater against a T-rex? Any version of it will do.
Who could defeat Batman in a fight and possibly kill him?
The Gotei 13 decide to rescue Ace because they want to. Can they do it?
Who would win this punch-up: Major Kusanagi vs Captain America?
Who is the most powerful superhero Godzilla could defeat?
Midnighter + Red Hood VS Karnak + Punisher: Who would claim victory?
Who would win a race across London, England during rush hour: A taxi driver with "The Knowledge" or an Uber driver with GPS/mobile?
Kid Goku Vs. RWBY Gauntlet: Who would claim victory?
Would Bernie Sanders win if Hillary Clinton withdrew from the race?
Who would win, Goku or SSJ Blue Vegeta?
The Devil VS Modern Earth: Who would be victorious?
In a legitimate fight to the death, could Batman beat Superman?
Who would win, Bizarro Max vs Darkseid Post Crisis?
Who would win in a fight between Spider-Man and Thor without mjolnir located in Manhattan?
Who would win in a war between just Canada and Russia?
Who would win a fight between Galactus and God?
The Scooby Gang replaces the Fellowship
Who'd win, Gorilla vs Polar bear?
Who would have the edge out of Dr. Manhattan vs One Punch Man, and why?
You’re stuck in the woods with a British SAS sniper trying to kill you, if you survive for 4 hours, you get $1 Billion. Do you accept the challenge?
Who will win in a battle between the Avengers and Doomsday?
What would have happened if the USSR invaded all of Western Europe in 1939?
Batman with every Bat Pokemon fights a Gotham Pokemon ladder
Who would win between Sasuke and Goku?
3 rational men with a broadsword, spear and battle axe versus this animal gauntlet: Who would have the edge?
If I have to fight a pack of wolves until death or until they run away, but I can't use a gun, how do I win?
Who would win this war: Obi-Wan Kenobi , Yoda, Mace Windu, and Luke Skywalker vs. Darth Sidious, Darth Maul, Count Dooku, and Anakin Skywalker?
What will happen if India gets involved in a fight with China, Pakistan, or both?
What are the keys to winning Race for the Galaxy?
Who would win this match: Kangal vs Wolf in prime?
All animals gain bloodlust when seeing humans and attack immediately.
Who would be victorious out of Anakin Skywalker vs Sauron, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Doomsday vs Flash?
If war broke out between nuclear capable countries, how many nuclear weapons could realistically be used before the planet became uninhabitable?
Casting Call for WWW Podcast Host
Who'd win, Prince vs. Rick James?
The Earth is given 70 years starting in 1945 to create a starship for use in space combat. What does this warship look like?
Who would win in a Turf Wars game between Columbia and NYU?
L, Sherlock, Batman, Scooby Doo, Detective Conan, Frank and Joe Hardy, Nancy Drew, Bones, and Detective Chimp are all assigned the same mystery- but must do it separately. Who solves it first: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Indiana Jones vs. The Crocodile Dundee?
Which animal is more dangerous: a grizzly bear or crocodile?
Who would win, Jessie's Girl vs. Stacy's Mom?
Who'd win, Agni VS Wolverine ?
How did the the emphasis on ranged and melee combat change over time and in different regions in European infantry warfare between 1618-1763?
Who would win, Jim Harper/Guardian versus Guardian/Malcolm "Mal" Duncan?
Why is WW3 often viewed as Omnicidal event?
Who would win in a war between Finland and Suomi?
Who would win in a fight between Cthulhu and Ungoliant?
Hypothetically, if my country drafted me to fight in a war I disagreed with, would I be justified if I refused to fight?
Who would win this brawl: Eren Jaeger VS Link w/Giant's Mask?
Marvel Ultimate Alliance I and II are on Steam now, My little brother wants to know who would win in a fight between his Team from the first game and his Team from the second game.
What role did Horatio Nelson play during the Napoleonic wars?
Who'd win, Thanos has all these powers now, who is the weakest person who can overcome him and who’s the strongest person he can defeat?
Is Russia winning the race to dominate shipping in the Arctic?
If the Fourth World War will be fought with sticks and stones, which country will win the war?
Who would be victorious out of Depowered/Truth Superman vs Unworthy Thor, and why?
Who would win a war between Western Russia and Siberia?
Diego vs mufasa & simba: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight to the death: Sentry or Doomsday?
Who would be the champion out of Kratos vs Krillin, and why?
Who would win, Atomix X vs Alien X?
How big is the difference between a SAS soldier and a ‘regular’ combat soldier?
In honor of Father's Day: Father vs. Dad
Who would win in a fight between the Android and Galactus?
How dangerous would a grizzly bear sized Honey Badger be?
Given the current situation in Afrin, Syria, what would happen should Russian forces engage Turkish forces on behalf of Assad? NATO is a defensive pact, yet Turkey is in Syrian territory. What would be the most likely outcome of open conflict here?
Who would win, War Machine or Bleeding Edge armor?
Who would win, Ants in my Eyes Johnson vs Personal Space Guy?
Me 6'1 Male at 230 pounds mostly muscle Vs Various animals
Who would win in a fight between Green Goblin and Mystrio?
One way WW1 is explained is through a bar fight. Just for imaginative purposes to see people's creativity, how would WW2 be explained in a bar fight?
Who would win, the Demon King or the Dawn Roar members?
Who would win in an arm wrestling match between Data and the EMH?
I've created a character. Who is the weakest person that can beat them? How high can they climb this ladder?
Who would win, Wolverine without adamantium vs. Wolverine without healing factor?
A cold fall morning in the forest. Bambi the deer comes upon the evil Doomsday. Who would win in a fight.
Why did MS Dhoni retire so early from Test Cricket?
Would winning a gubernatorial race make a candidate more or less likely to speak at an event?
Who will win if there is a new war between China and Japan? Which win will last?
Your favourite earth manipulator vs Sand
Who would come out on top out of Yamcha with the Kamehameha wave VS Konahomaru with the Rasenshuriken, and why?
Who'd win, 13 Captain Americas vs 1776 Obamas?
Who would win this war: Deathstroke vs Black Manta?
Who could beat the 16 Colossi from Shadow of the Colossus?
You with 1 non-lethal Harry Potter spell vs. an unarmed Navy SEAL Who would win?
To keep things fresh a list of superVILLAINS we all may or may not remember 2/3
Who would win: Kakashi or Itachi?
Who would win in a knife fight between 100 US Marines and 100 French Foreign Legion soldiers and why?
You and your Best friend vs. A Grizzly Bear Who would win?
Who would come out on top out of Mr. Peanut vs Chester Cheetah, and why?
Can 5 MCU avengers save earth in Man of Steel movie?
Hypothetically, in the case of WW3 between NATO, Russia, and China, who will side with who in this war?
Your Favorite Superhero vs. Real Life Crime Statistics
Who would win in a battle between "Nemesis" from "Resident Evil" vs "The Terminator"?
How would my all-girl coalition defeat the Bat Family
Who would win, Ned Stark, Robb, Jon and Arya vs Oberyn Martell and the Sand Snakes?
How does France's military rank among modern nations?
What was the scariest moment you experienced in combat?
What about Japan attacking China?
If there is a war between India and China, do you think India will win?
Poachers are hunted.
HappyGabe's Extra Crunchy WWW Tournament Recruitment Phase!
What would happen if the U.S went to war with the Spanish empire?
Have there ever been an underwater fight between combat divers from two different countries?
Who would win in a fight between Marvel's Thor and the mythological Thor?
Who would win in a fight between Nirvana and Pearl Jam?
Anime Showdown: Team Spiky Hair vs Team Buff
What is the most overrated military tactic ever employed in war?
Who would win in a fight, Kirby or Batman?
Who would win in a conventional war between Cameroon, the Central African Republic, and Senegal versus Uganda, the DR of Congo, and Zimbabwe?
Who would win in a fair fight between Brock Lesnar and Daastan from Chakravartin Ashoka Samrat?
Who would win, Superman vs Luffy?
What happens to a Formula One driver that doesn’t win any races?
If there is going to be a conventional war between China and America, who do you like to win?
Who'd win, Mace Windu vs Ebony Maw?
If the cold war turned hot in 1988, and war broke out between NATO and WARPAC, who would win?
Rank these sci-fi 'verses in space combat.
Geralt of Rivia VS Talion from Shadow of Mordor: Who would come out on top?
How well does Fox McCloud do in the Halo universe?
Civil War but both sides are randomly replaced with DC Superheroes.
Arms and weapons manufacturing companies like Lockheed Martin have incentive to push governments to keep war going. How can we make war financially unprofitable?
Who would win in a fight between Master Yoda and Master Splinter?
Who'd win, Boros vs. 8 Gates Might Guy?
Who would win a war between the Indian airforce and the Singaporean airforce?
Who would win, Jigsaw vs. Yami?
Who would win this punch-up: Batman vs Predator?
Who would win in a 1 on 1 battle, a Spartan soldier or a samurai soldier? The weapons and armor are up to you.
Which animal would win in a fight between a hyena and a grey wolf?
Shaq vs Mike Tyson: Who would be the champion?
Who would win a fight between Jon Snow and The Mountain?
Would would win Linley vs Goku and Superman 1v2
REDDITOR CASTAWAY: You vs An uninhabited island: Who would be the winner?
Who would win out of Ersatz Scarlet vs Lightning, and why?
In a fight between an eagle and a hawk, which would win?
Final Wars Godzilla runs a Godzilla gauntlet
Who would be the champion out of Jiren vs Galactus, and why?
Who would win this war: The God Emperor of Mankind vs. The Lich King?
Who would win in a fight, Katsuki Bakugo or Human Torch?
Albus Dumbledore & Godfric Gryffindor versus Lord Voldemort & Gellert Grindelwald in a 2-on-2 epic duel. Who would win?
Who will win in a war between South America and North America?
Who would win, Thor or Goku?
How many chickens would it take to kill a T-Rex?
Your Favorite Character Becomes a Vault Hunter
Who is the strongest being Sam and Max could possibly beat with prep time?
How many wolverines could Wolverine take in a fight?
r/whowouldwin Survivor Series 2017 Post Show*
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Hajime No Ippo Characters vs Real Life Boxing Stars, and why?
Jason Bourne vs. John Wick vs. Jack Reacher: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight between a teen from 1958 and a teen from 2018?
Superman vs. Goku. Throughout The Ages: Who would have the edge?
In terms of military technology, how did the Soviet Union beat Nazi Germany?
An adult male moose vs a water buffalo.
Who would win this battle: The Toa Mata vs the Fire Ferrets?
Who would win this fight: 1 Hunter, 2 Bears, 4 Gorilla's, 5 Cape Buffalo's, 15 Wolves, 50 Eagles and 10,000 Rats. Pick one, they have to hoist your limp body across the entire journey of U.S Route 66?
Who will win a battle between Ram and Karna?
Who would win, a samurai, a knight, or a viking?
Who would win, Rico Rodriguez vs. North Korea?
Who would win in a fight between Lex Luthor and the Joker?
Anti-Mod Match 001: Sanji vs. Iron Fist: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Darth Sidious vs Zillo Beast?
If each variation of eagles fought all other variations of eagles, which one would come out on top?
Who would win, Spiderman, Hulk, Batman and Shazam vs Thanos?
In a hypothetical battle, who would win, a 200lb human vs. 100lb female white tailed deer?
Who wins at intelligence? Octopus, dog, or raven?
If a person can win a 5000m race in 0.057632028 seconds, what was the persons speed?
A wild Pikachu lvl 50 vs the largest alligator: Who would be the winner?
Who will win and why, Columbia from Bioshock Infinite versus Laputa from Castles in the Sky?
Can a wolfhound win in a one-on-one fight with a wolf?
Who would win, Mr. Mxyzptlk or Shazam?
Who would win in a fight: Sauron vs Yoda?
Who would win, Floyd Mayweather vs a cow?
Who would win this match: Ghost Kerrigan vs Motoko "the mayor" Kusanagi?
Who would win in a fight between Oberyn Martell and Robert Baratheon?
What if the Afrika Korps crossed the Suez Canal, rushed for the Middle East, and successfully defeated Britain in Israel, Palestine, and Jordan? How would it impact the course of the entire war?
Who is smarter, stronger, or faster ,Luffy or Naruto?
If r/iamverysmart and Quorans fought a war, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Meta Knight or Shovel Knight?
All the Marvel Nationality Captains, minus Captain America.
Who would win, Deathstroke vs Captain America?
Who would win between Cthulhu and Morgoth?
What is the deadliest animal that an average adult male human should be able to solo 10/10?
Who'd win, indominus rex+deathstorke+20 raptor vs 10 fodder parademon?
Who would wins a race of becoming Prime Minister among these two politicians Arvind Kejriwal and Rahul Gandhi?
What would a major war between Israel and Turkey look like?
If a war begins between Sweden and Finland, which one would win?
Who would win in a fight between Quicksilver and Vision?
Can The Hound defeat The Mountain in single combat?
Amateur Hour Returns: Obscure Character Discussion 4/2/17
Who would win, Crabranate vs "Number 3" Armored Gorilla?
Who would win in a fight between Twilight Sparkle and The Flash?
Who'd win, Doomguy , Gordon Freeman , Jack , Booker DeWitt, Courier 6 , The Last Dragonborn , and Jason Brody Get Into A Fight, Who Comes Out On Top?
Who would win, Achilles or Ajax?
Who would win this war: Water drinker vs cola drinker vs coffee drinker vs beer drinker?
Who would win in a fight between 12 MMA fighters with knives & sport javelins vs. 12 IJA soldiers with unloaded Arisakas with bayonets?
You run a gauntlet, kinda. Who would win?
GOP Presidential Nomination Race : Can Romney win by going left?
Shaq with a baseball bag runs a ladder
Edward vs Vampire Bella: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between the Roman and Greek gods?
Battle of the Cinematic Satans
Who would win this war: Kratos vs Lord Voldemort?
Infinity War but every hero is replaced by their bad guy counterparts
Bad Wolf Rose Tyler Vs Elizabeth: Who would be victorious?
Every single Pokemon, from Bulbasaur to Marshadow, all fight in a 802 Pokemon Battle Royale. Who top 10s?
Who would win in a fight between a bettong and a bilby?
Unarmed, Force-less Darth Vader vs a Black Bear
Who would win, A couple with no kids vs an environmental activist vs an electric car driver vs a vegetarian: which one is actually helping the environment the most?
Who will win in a battle between Kakashi and Rock Lee?
A Character Guessing Thread
Who would win in a war between Mexico and Cuba?
Strongest Million Ants could beat. With a twist
So Lady Palutena has gotten a little lazy, and overtime, gained 500-550 pounds of fat, and some villain has come to fight her or something, who can she defend herself against with only her magic powers, and maybe the little physical abilities she may have left.
The second Korean War
A Raspberry Pi 3 Falls Backwards in Time, Falling in the Hands of the U.S. Government circa 1945. How Does the Cold War Change?
Who would win this battle: Green Arrow vs Hawkey?
Who would win between the Witch-King and Boromir?
Who would win in a fight between Beyonder and Hela?
Who would win in a fight, Raven or Sasuke?
smart fighter vs strong fighter:150+IQ 10 year old boy with great combat skill vs 70 IQ power lifter: Who would claim victory?
Lets assemble Supervillain team
What is the strongest monster that could still be defeated by some real life animal?
Courage The Cowardly Dog vs Invader Zim
If the US were to go into another Civil War, with the divide between the two sides starting at 100 degrees West, who would win?
Who'd win, Hippo vs Rhinoceros?
Who'd win, A Peak Human vs Captain America?
Who would win a war between Bouvet Island and a coalition of the United States and Russia?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk from Avengers and Beast from X-Men?
Who would win, China and North Korea vs Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Mongolia?
Who'd win, Vegeta vs Wonder Woman?
Who'd win, /u/cockdickpeniscunt and 500 kangaroos vs. the defenses of the Ulan Bator, the capital of Mongolia?
Who would win an all-out fight between the Hitler Youth versus the Soviet Guards?
You have got the powers of the main characters of the last video game you played ! Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Vader or Superman?
What happens if a Kaasam is broke?
Who would be victorious out of Goku Vs. Superman each get one week with a dog before putting it between them and letting it choose who it wants to stay with. Who does the dog choose, and why?
You have to 1v1 everybody in the world starting from the weakest person and going to the strongest, how far do you get? Who would win?
Who would win in a war between The Grail from Preacher comics vs the Secret Empire of Marvel?
Who can composite animal man beat?
Who would win a full-scale conventional war between Finland and Russia without nukes?
Who would win, Ghost Rider or Drax?
If Guts fought Kratos who would win?
Was Grand Master Luke Skywalker ever defeated in a fight?
Every country's national animal free-for-all
Who would have the edge out of 1944 USSR versus modern day North Korea, and why?
What's the way out of financial broke, and why should I be broke when both my wife and I are working it's disturbing?
How many humans would it take to win a game of tug of war with a silverback gorilla?
Will WW3 start because the rich and powerful could ride it out?
Who would have the edge out of Wonder Woman vs The Deep Sea King <Speed Equalized>, and why?
All the historical leaders from Civilization 5 get in a pub brawl. Who wins?
If the Nazi German Army fought the Syrian Arab Army, who'd win?
Who would win? Pit-bulls or Wolves?
How well will a team of Fire Emblem's protagonists fare against the Sith.
Who would win this war: Batman Versus Goku?
Who would win, Bloster or Knov?
Who would win this war: Crocodile vs Garra?
Who would win, Legolas vs. Aragorn vs. Gimli in close quartered combat?
What if war happened between the UK and India? Who will win?
A water bender V. A white walker
If Israel started a war with Russia, who would win if the war was fought in either Israel or Russia?
What was the effect of Kursk on Hitler’s military commanders?
Is Krav Maga effective? Is it just about learning combinations and spewing them out, or do you learn what to do in different situations and how to win a fight? Do I have to be old to start it?
Who'd win, Shadow the Hedgehog vs Zoom?
Who would win a war between the Irish Republican Army and ISIS?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Magneto?
Your nation has just defeated Australia in a war, what peace terms will you impose upon them?
Who would win, A 180 pound fit human with the teeth and bite force of a grey wolf. What is the largest animal he could kill?
How many acid-proof "Jurassic Park" Raptors would it take to beat a Xenomorph?
Who would win in a death battle between Tom and Oggy?
Who would win this brawl: The Warner Brothers and their sister Dot have escaped from the water tower! What team of Toons can outwit them?
If war erupts with North Korea, what is the most probable cause and outcome?
Who'd win, Thor and Wonder Woman vs Superman and Goku?
Who would be the victor out of Pearl Krabs vs. Pink Pearl, and why?
Who will win in a war between Napoleon's French Empire and Nazi Germany?
Who would win in a fight, Greek God Zeus or Hindu God Lord Shiva? Who is the greatest?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Grand Admiral Thrawn?
Bill Cipher vs Genie from Aladdin: Who would come out on top?
Assemble a team of street level heroes who could defeat the following gauntlet:
Who would win in a war between Russia and France in 2017?
Who will win the battle between Delhi vs Mumbai?
Who would come out on top out of Jurassic Park T-rex and Spinosaurus vs 2 Indomious Rexes, and why?
Who would win in a fight; Deadpool vs EOS Naruto? Death might not be possible for Deadpool, so putting him into a situation where fighting is impossible for an extended length of time is passable.
Who would win this brawl: Brains vs. Brawn?
Who would win, Hyper Shadow vs Shadic?
Who would win in a battle between a P38 Lightning and a P51 Mustang?
Who would win, Ants VS Mosquitoes?
Who would win in a fight between Corvo Attano and Booker Dewitt?
You are a billionaire in need of a security escort. You can hire one Peak Human, and it can't be Batman or Ozymandias. Who do you choose? Who would win?
Who would win in a war between the Game of Thrones universe and 1914 France?
Who would win a fight between Cyclops and Black Panther? How would the fight play out?
Who will win in a cuteness contest, Pikachu or Dark Magician Girl?
What's the weakest Pokemon that could beat Batman in a fight?
Who would win, Roronoa vs Lightning from FF13?
Who would win a war between North Korea and Nazi Germany?
Who would win out of Doctor Manhattan, Rorschach, and Ozymandias vs. Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman, and why?
If Godzilla attacked Wakanda would he be able to destroy them or would Wakanda defeat him?
Some geniuses take part in a few tests
How would a nuclear war between Israel and Russia look?
How would a fight between Juggernaut and Thunder go?
An average full grown moose vs an average full grown grizzly bear.
Mirror Master shows up in 616 Marvel. What hero would be his most likely enemy and how does he do against them in a fight?
Who would win in a war between Russia and the European members of NATO?
You VS the slaughterhouse nine with four items Who would win?
In the event of World War III, what country are you most likely to seek refuge in?
Who would win, Rune King Thor or Phoenix Force?
What if Kuwait had preemptively attacked Iraq, just like Israel did during the Six Day War?
Who would be the champion out of Aquaman and the Kingdom of Atlantis vs Black Panther and the Kingdom of Wakanda, and why?
ISIS vs North Korea: Who would be the victor?
Who would win a war between the US and Canada vs Russia and India?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Manhattan and Dr. Charles Xavier? Why?
You vs. Armless Tiger Man Who would win?
Who's side would win: a tiger or 5 wolves?
If President Clark had won over the resistance against his rule, and declared war against the Minbari again as revenge, would he win? Even with his Omega Class Destroyer and Omega X Shadow ships? Granted the Shadows would not help him though.
Who would win in a war between Canada and Brazil, without allies?
Who would win in a fight, Kirby or Happy?
A Person who can control Water vs A Person who can control Air vs A Person who can control Plants vs A Person who can control Earth: Who would win?
Who would win, Sasuke vs 5 Kages?
Who'd win, False Assassin vs True Assassin?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Batman?
In WH40k, who would win in a civil war between the Imperium of Man and the Cult Mechanicus?
Who would win this combat: Master chief vs Captain America?
Who would win in a fight, Plastic Man or Mr. Fantastic?
Who would win in a fight between a single M1A3 Abrams and 15 Panzer IV Tigers?
Who would win in a fight, Darkseid or Brainiac?
Who would be the champion out of A 20 year old man who had both legs amputated at the knees with a machete vs. a saltwater crocodile that is tethered to a large pole, and why?
Who would win: Superman or Zen-Oh Sama?
A tournament winning, Competitive Yugioh player gets challenged to a Shadow Game...
What would happen in an all-out non-nuclear world war , between every country on Earth?
Who would win, Barack Obama with the Chaos Emeralds vs Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet, with only the Power Stone on it?
Is World War 3 about to break out in 2018?
Who'd win, The Incredible Hulk w/ specially tailored Ant Man suit vs the entire MCU?
Why didn’t Hulk want to fight?
Silverback gorila vs professional human fighter: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Natsu Dragneel vs Fire-Fist Ace...WTF?
Who would win this war: The Kellogg Killing Fields: Tony the Tiger vs. Snap, Crackle and Pop?
Who would win in a war between Species 8472 and the Cybermen?
Who would win this duel: Mr Satan vs An Average Tiger-Level Threat?
Who would win if I fought myself?
Who seems to be winning the presidential race?
Severus Snape and Dumbeldore and Voldemort vs. Obi-Wan, Luke, and Anakin: Who would win?
Which team would win in a battle between Doug Jones' and Andy Serkis' characters?
If there is a war between DC and Dragonball Z, who would win?
Who would win in a hand to hand combat between Captain America and Batman?
Who'd win, Slenderman with 20 USD vs. Slenderman with 0 USD?
Who would win in a death battle between Wolverine and Spider-Man?
Who would win this fight: Doctor Manhattan VS The God Emperor of Mankind?
Who would win: James Bond, Ethan Hunt or Jason Bourne?
If there is a match between the world's top 11 batsman versus the top 11 bowlers with ABD or BMC as keeper for the bowler's side, who would win?
What if Britain had never given independence to commonwealth countries, how would world politics change?
Who would be victorious out of War Thunder Pilots vs World of Warplanes Pilots vs Star Wars Battlefront pilots vs IRL Pilots, and why?
Who will win in a fight between Hela from the Marvel MCU Percy Jackson?
captain america with australium
Who would win, Balrog vs Son Goku?
Bigby Wolf must find out Batmans identity
How Many MCU Punishers Would it Take to Beat Flippy ?
Who would win, Superman vs Goku?
Who would win this combat: Goku vs. Archie Sonic?
If there was a bloodbath war between Atheists, Christians, and Muslims, who do you think would win?
Who is the weakest peak human non-force user who could beat a Jedi in a lightsaber duel?
What is the air combat like between stealth fighters?
In light of the attacks today, North Korea VS South Korea
How many cows would it take to kill Super Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann?
Who would win in a battle of the brains between Stephen Hawking and Galileo?
In the ongoing elections, is it a fight between BJP and Congress or Hindu and Muslim?
If Franco had attacked Gibraltar, could Britain have invaded Spanish Sahara and opened a two-front war against Axis-controlled Libya?
Who would win, Vandal Savage and Ra's al Ghul vs Apocalypse?
Who would win, Zilla from Godzilla attacks New York and to combat it the United States sends in big guy from big guy and rusty?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Rational Man with Sun Wukong's gear vs Rational Man with Thor's gear, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Rajinikanth and Superman?
Who would win, a boxer or powerlifter?
If a Roman legion army fought against the riot police using tear gases, pepper sprays and water cannon in the street, who would win?
If Jason Bourne fought Black Widow, who will win?
The Greatest Water Fight
Can You Survive?
An army of 3000 humans, 3000 honey badgers, and 3000 emus collide. Which faction would win the battle?
How many younglings would it take to kill Anakin Skywalker?
Who would win this war: Lord Voldemort vs Emperor Palpatine?
Who would win in a fight, 100,000,000,000,000,000 Narutos or 1 Goku?
Who would win, Japan's Kuratas vs South Korea's Method-2?
Who'd win, Cheetah vs Flash?
Who would win, Invincible vs Saitama?
Who would win in a fight, King Kong vs. Indominus Rex?
Who'd win, A nation of Autistics vs. a nation of Psychopaths?
In a battle between Darkseid and Wolverine, who would win, and why?
You are the villain in a fantasy universe. Who do you choose to give yourself the best chance of coming out the victor for once. What is your master plan? Who would win?
There is a jar with a caterpillar in it. 5 adults are protecting that caterpillar and 8 kids want to kill it in under two minutes. Would the caterpillar die?
Could Geralt of Rivia's Yrden spell be enough to help him defeat Talion/ Celebrimbor
Who would win in a fight, Grindelwald or Dr. Strange?
Team Multiverse Tournament of Villains
Who would win in a free for all no rules match between the known bounty hunters in Star Wars?
If Magnus fought Doctor Strange, who would win?
Who wins in a fight, the predator or a werewolf?
Aragorn/Gray Fox vs Conan/Blade: Who would be the victor?
If there is a war between India and China in 2017 or 2018, who will win?
Inter-Universe Martial Arts Tournament
Who would win this punch-up: Darth krayt vs Darth Vader?
What animal could take you?
Who wins, MCU Fenris Wolf or the Chitauri Leviathan?
Your favourite characters vs the Infinite Mass Punch.
Which one would win if a battle happens between a T-90S and a Tank-Ex?
Who would win, Ted versus Darth Vader?
Could the Star Fox team safely guide Frodo, riding an Eagle, to Mt. Doom?
Who would win in a fight between all cereal mascots?
Who could Courage the Cowardly Dog defeat in combat?
Thor VS Wonder Woman: Who would be the winner?
18 Man Primarch Royal Rumble
Who would claim victory out of Link vs. Ike, and why?
Who would win out of Darth Vader with the Venom Symbiote vs Darth Vader with Upgrade, and why?
Who would win, Reign vs The Flash?
Ten foot tall Man vs the Animals of Earth: Who would have the edge?
Why is it rare for a NASCAR Xfinity series regular to actually win a race?
Who would win, Batman and Green Arrow vs Gorilla Grodd and Man-Bat?
Who would win out of Darth Vader and Boba Fett vs Iron Man and Black Panther, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Anakin Skywalker vs. Sand, and why?
Who would be the winner out of Me and my 3 friends vs Julius Caesar , Alexander the Great , Napoleon Bonaparte , and Adolfo hitler, and why?
Who'd win in a fight between Superman One Million and Onslaught?
Who could beat the Sand Man in the Sahara desert?
1 Navy SEAL vs 1 Greek Spartan: Who would have the edge?
Who would win: Asuma or Kakashi?
Who is going to win the M2020 Payments Race? This looks hilarious! Poor sod who got gold…
In a landlocked libertarian country with a single lake, could a company homestead the entire lake by merely winning a time-sensitive "homesteading race" and thereby prevent access to others?
Grizzly bear vs Utahraptor: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Gyro, Zaiqahal, Ikalgo and Bloster vs Chimera Ants?
The existence of the Holy Grail has been discovered by Government Agents...and leaked by wikiLeaks.
In a fight between Karna and Heracles who would win?
Game of Thrones : Who will win in the war between Joffrey and Ramsay Bolton?
Who would win this punch-up: Saitama vs. Wobuffet?
Who would win, Silverback Gorilla vs Knight?
Who would win in a fight between a badger and a monkey?
Who would win, Aldmeri Dominion vs. the Fire Nation The Last Airbender?
Who would win, Batman vs Rune King Thor, Hulk, Dr. Manhattan, Martian Manhunter, and Goku?
Who would win, The second coming of Jesus Christ is at hand, and he's gained the combined physical abilities of every Christian alive?
What if everyone in the airport battle in Civil War was replaced with their Ultimate version? What if they were replaced with their 616 version?
Who is the weakest character that beat the Navy Seal Copypasta?
Who would win, Iron Man Mark 1 classic vs Wasp classic?
You with a Crossbow vs a Bloodlusted War Lion Who would win?
Historical documents found in northern Japan stated that ancient/medieval Japanese samurais, daimyos, etc. engaged in active combat against zombies
Who would win, Roger Federer, Michael Schumacher, Tiger Woods, Michael Jordan and Lionel Messi compete in a special version of the Olympics containing each other's sports - who does best?
Could California win a war against Texas?
Who would win, Deadpool or Deathstroke?
If Hitler had invaded the USSR in 1940, instead of France, could he have defeated Stalin before France and Britain went on the offensive?
The Great Debate Season 2 Brackets
Who would be the victor out of Speed Battle: Heroes vs. Villains, and why?
Who'd win, Harry Hart vs John Wick?
Who would win a war between Chad and Romania, if they were neighbors?
If the USA was in a war with the rest of the world, who would win?
Who would win, Ghost Rider or the Beyonder?
What would have happened to Syria if the West had intervened militarily to topple the Syrian government after the East Ghouta gas attack? Would the country now be in a better state, or worse?
Who would win, Jean Grey with Phoenix Force vs Darkseid?
Who will win a fight between Tiger Shroff and Vidyut Jamwal?
A vampire, zombie, and werewolf bite you all at once. Who wins out?
Who would be victorious out of Man with a baseball bat vs a wolf, and why?
Thor vs Wonder Woman: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Tsukado vs Deathstroke?
Who would win in a fight: Batman or Wolverine?
All the players from smash bros face off in a game of smash bros.
Who would win, Hakaishin vs Hit?
Aladdin and Abu must defeat the 16 colossi to revieve Jasmine. Can they do it: Who would be victorious?
Who would win a fight between galactus and a normal human?
Who'd win, Rulk with the red ring of rage vs Clifford the big red dog?
Were there any people in history who fought for the winning nation and then were charged for war crimes?
Who would win, Goku vs Alien x1?
Indominus Rex Vs The Avengers, who would win?
Could the Fire Nation conquer our world, and at what point do they fail?
Who'd win, Mark Zuckerborg vs. Earth?
Every land animal is in an arena. You are given the opportunity to combine two of them in order to defeat the rest. Which do you combine?
Which real life animal could defeat a zergling?
Who'd win, Spiderman with a bleeding papercut vs. 3 bloodlusted great white sharks?
Who would win in a war between Italy and FYROMacedonia without NATO intervention and Albania military access?
Who would win a battle between Ekalavya and Bhishma?
Doctor Strange vs Goku Black and Zamasu: Who would win?
If a bus and a car are racing each other, but are driving at the same speed on a highway, which of the two will win and why?
Who'd win, Buffy Summers vs Rayne?
Who would win, Deathstroke vs the Reverse-Flash?
What is the difference between Combat Jujitsu and traditional Jujitsu?
Who'd win, Prime Lightning Mcqueen vs Jackson Storm?
In a fight between Apocalypse and Doomsday, who would win and how would the fight play out?
If Germany had won World War I, and enforced a treaty with the same terms as the TOV on the allies, would it have been us who started the World War II?
With the Sherman being outgunned and under-armored compared to the German tanks in WWII, how did the Allies manage to push the Germans back?
If ISIS, Al-Queda and Taliban fought each other, who would win?
Clifford the Big Red Dog vs Fenris Wolf: Who would have the edge?
What are some good quotes similar to "slow and steady wins the race"?
Who would win a fight between mosasaur and nothosaur?
In a fight between Amatsu-Mikaboshi and Death, who would win and how would the fight play out?
Is it true that China used to order Chinese soldiers to fight naked, as a war tactic against Vietnam?
Who will win in a fight between Thanos and Brainiac?
Who would win this duel: Fire Nation vs College of Winterhold?
You vs Bloodlusted Tiger Who would win?
Who'd win, 1 Platoon of ARC Clone Troopers vs 1 Platoon of Catachan Jungle fighters vs 1 ODST Air Assault Combat team?
Iron Man Climbs a Star Wars Ladder.
Who would win the race between a Kawasaki Ninja H2R or a Bugatti Chiron?
Who would win, the Hulk or Mirror Master?
How long can your favorite character go in the Navy Seal training?
T-Rex vs. Spinosaurus: Who would come out on top?
If India and Japan fought together against China, who will win?
Doomslayer gets warped into 40k.
Who'd win, Steve Irwin vs. Ernie Brown, Jr?
Will Russia and NATO actually go to war with each other?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or a legendary dragon from Skyrim?
Where is Sif currently in the MCU?
Who would win in a fight between Fenrir and Jörmungandr?
Smoker vs Crocodile: Who would have the edge?
Could Turkey win a war against Syria this year, or after years?
Can Black Panther beat Superman?
Who would be the victor out of Shrek vs. Sulley, and why?
If Chuck Norris and Jack Bauer teamed up, who could stop them?
Bloodlusted Saitama vs. In-character Wonder Woman
Off Topic Movie and Television Questions and Discussions 4.10.15
Who would be the winner out of Batman Vs. Hannibal Lecter, and why?
Who would win, Harley Quinn vs Rick Flag?
Who'd win, Brock Lesnar vs a Kangaroo?
Who'd win, Chimera Ants Vs Konoha?
You as a Saiyan vs. Ten Thousand Naked Super Soldiers. Who would win?
Garaa with Kryptonite sand vs. Superman: Who would be victorious?
Who will win in a fight between Doctor Strange and Magneto?
Between a 10 IS-2 tank and two Leopard 2 tanks, which team wins?
If WW3 occurred tomorrow, what American aligned country could assist America the most overall? Why?
Who'd win, A man who can create dead dolphins by saying words that start with D vs a man that can create feral plants when he says words that start with P?
If every province of China declared war against each other, which would win?
Can Thor solo the events of Justice League?
Battle of my favorite Disney heroes
Who would win, Isis vs westboro Baptist church?
Who would win this war: Seal team six vs a nuclear reactor's security forces?
Who would win this war: Inspector Gadget now has Lex Luthor's Intelligence and Batman's combat knowledge. Who is the strongest person he can defeat?
Who would win in a fight between Leatherhead and Lizard?
Who would win, A solitary Space Marine vs. 1,200 Napoleonic Wars-era soldiers?
Could a 100% healthy Manny Pacquiao have won the fight against Mayweather considering he fought with a torn right rotator cuff torn rotator cuff?
Who would win in a fight between 2 Silverback Gorillas and a pack of 10 Grey Wolves?
What subspecies would win in a fight, Mutants or Meta-humans?
Who would win, Killer Queen vs Beerus in a cat competition?
You are provided a weapon of your choice, an aircraft of your choice, and a cellphone with 10 mins battery life. How do you overthrow Trump? Who would win?
What are some methods of winning 5km races?
Who would win in a fight, the 1st hokage or the 4th hokage?
Who would win in a naval battle: the WWII Imperial Japanese Navy at its peak or a modern US aircraft carrier?
Who would win in a fight between Gandalf and Ganondorf?
Who would win in a fight to the death between Wonder Woman, Superman, Thor, Batman, Deadpool and Wolverine?
Who would win if a new civil war between republicans and democrats broke out?
Who would win in a fight between Yoda and Darth Vader??
OFFICIAL STAR WARS THE LAST JEDI SPOILER MEGATHREAD
All these characters are in an empty room. Last to leave the room wins whatever they desire.
Strongest version of the Hulk that the Rhino can defeat?
If every superhero, antihero, anime, or regular person in the world were to fight, who would win and who do you think would team up?
Who would win the fight between Deadpool and Ben 10?
Who'd win, The United Kingdom VS The Republic Of Korea?
Who would win, 5 20 year old males vs. 1 North American Black Bear?
What would happen in a hypothetical battle between Sikhs and Magadhans?
10 space marines are dropped into Texas with the express goal of killing the president, can they do it?
Who'd win, Mumen Rider gets possessed by Ghost Rider and becomes the "Cyclist of Vengeance". How does his fight with Deep Sea King go?
Bender and Archer vs Jar Jar Binks, Tingle , the dog from duck hunt, Hercule Satan , Slippy toad and magikarp: Who would win?
A WAAAAAAGH! Is launched on Pandora. Can the Navi survive the Ork attack?
Hunted by a Dinosaur
Who'd win, The entire population of Australia vs The entire population of North Korea?
Who would win in a battle between a leopard and a kangaroo?
Who would win in a fight, Goku, Superman, or Sonic?
Who'd win, Diane vs Devil Dinosaur?
Who would win this war: A Blue Whale vs an Orca, both bloodlusted?
Could Nightwing beat Orphan in a fight?
Who would be the champion out of A united Warhammer 40k universe during the Horus Heresy vs a united Star Wars universe during the Galactic Civil War, and why?
Your favorite street-tier character vs. an animal gauntlet
Who would win a battle between Alexander and Hannibal? And why?
Who would win, Lord Boros vs Issac Netero?
Who would win, 10 2018 US soldiers or 50 1800 US soldiers?
Strongest fighter a human from Monster Hunter could defeat?
A goose vs a cat: Who would be the champion?
Which Team would win the war between India, USA, Israel, Japan, European Union, Canada versus China, Pakistan, Turkey, Iran, Russia, Saudi Arabia?
Deadpool vs...you
Who would win, the Flash or the Hulk if the Hulk was 100% mad but the Hulk also just killed Iris, Wally, Joe, Cisco and Kaitlin?
On his final ever conference, Barack Obama reveals that he is actually Baraka Omaba, a Tarkatan general. How many politicians does he slice up?
New York City declares independence
Knuckle vs. Metal Bat: Who would be the victor?
Due to the internet leaking, all Marvel/DC are turned into cats. You may only use names that are cat puns. Who wins?
If Donald Trump wins the White House race and does become a bad President. To what extent could ensuring public outcry make him change for the better?
Your favorite character has been granted two extraordinary gifts. 1 the power of rational thought, 2 a shotgun. How quickly can they solve their problems?
Who would win: a team up of Doctor Doom and The Mandarin or a team up of Lex Luthor and Gorilla Grodd?
Who would win, Lord Raikage vs Cole?
DC Regular Human vs Real World Peak Human: Who would claim victory?
In an all-out fight between every fictional monster, which would win?
Who'd win, AvX: The Averagers vs The Canny X-Men?
Was the Hawker Typhoon any good?
Who would win, Cavemen vs Dinosaurs?
Who would be the Marvel counterpart of DC's Trinity? Who would win between the two?
Who would win in a fight: Superman or Harry Potter?
Who would have the edge out of Ichiko Sakura Vs. Yami Yugi, and why?
Who wins, a mountain lion/chimp hybrid or a coyote/honey badger hybrid?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer vs Captain America
Boxing : Who would win in a fight between a professional UFC fighter, a pro heavyweight boxer and a Navy Seal?
Is MCU Hawkeye stronger or weaker than MCU Maria Hill?
Who would claim victory out of Superman vs. Stephen Hawking with a Kryptonite spear, and why?
Is Regan Smith the first driver born in the state of New York to win a Sprint Cup race?
Who would be victorious in a battle between Scandinvian Vikings and a Medevial Knight?
What are funny/strange reasons for fighting between husband and wife or a boyfriend and girlfriend?
Who would win a fight between a grizzly bear and a rhino?
If Voldemort and Gellert Grindelwald both had Elder Wands and dueled, who would win, and why?
What real life boxer could beat Ippo in a 10-round boxing match?
Lady Lyanna Mormont was not actually exaggerating: every man from Bear Island really does have the strength of ten mainlanders! Can Jon Snow's forces now beat the Boltons?
If you put a knight and a samurai in a fight, who would win? Limit answers to age periods, e.g. 11th century knight vs. 11th century samurai.
Hunger Games!
Who would win: popeye with infinite spinach or thor?
Noah's Ark Battle Royale
Who would win, A Wolf, Siberian Tiger, Kangaroo, Great White Shark, and a Flamingo VS A Cow, Grizzly Bear, Clint Eastwood, Water Bear, and a Crow?
Who would win in a fight between Mad Dog from The Raid: Redemption and Jason Bourne?
Who would win, the entire Allied Shinobi Forces vs Hagoromo?
Who would win in a fight between Arrow and Daredevil?
Who will win in the fight between cyclops and medusa?
Who would win in a battle to the death? Black Heart , Blackout, Ghost Rider , Loki, Iron Man, Bane, Mr. Freeze, Joker, or Batman?
Could Gov. Rick Perry win the GOP nomination for president - if he enters the race?
Overall, were the Admirals of the Imperial Japanese Navy not as good as their American opponents or were they simply dealing with a very bad card in the Pacific War?
Who would win, Parayste vs Alex Mercer?
How many prime Mike Tysons would it take to beat Hagrid with brass knuckles in a fight?
Who would win in a fight between Hulkbuster and Juggernaut?
Who would win this match: SEAL Team Six raids Osama Bin Laden's compound, but someone mispacked their bags and they end up armed with only blowguns. Can they still complete the mission?
The Justice League vs The S-Class Heroes: Who would have the edge?
Shaun the Sheep vs. Steve Urkel with a Roman Candle: Who would be victorious?
Who'd win, A human wearing chainmail and armed with a short sword versus a Silverback gorilla?
Who would win in a war between Julius Caesar and Genghis Khan?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and War Machine?
Who'd win, Kangaroo vs a man with a crowbar?
When is the earliest point in history where a fit human could be well-equipped enough to beat any animal?
5 Ork WAAAGH!! invade the Star Wars universe at the height of it's power, who wins
Who'd win, Luke Cage vs Angel Dust?
Could a human armed with a spear win against a chimpanzee? We always hear about how a human is no match for a wild animal like a chimpanzee. How would a grown man with a spear fair against a grown chimp?
Who would win in a war between USA and Turkey?
Who would win in a full scale battle between Tobirama and Madara?
Who would win, Syn Shenron or Ultra Full-Power SS4 Goku?
Who would win in a rap battle between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton?
Who would win, The End vs Sniper Wolf?
Who would win this fight: Superman vs The Deep Sea King?
Who would win this fight: Stuart Little vs Remy from Ratatouille?
Who will win in a war between Australia and Finland without any outside intervention?
What would happen if the Pitcairn Islanders fought France assuming no allies and no nuclear weapons were involved and who would win?
Statistics : What is the probability of winning the swim part and winning the Ironman Race?
You can gain the powers/stats of 5 animals. Who is the strongest Marvel/DC character you can beat? Who would win?
All primates gain human level intelligence. Blood lusted after the Harambe incident, can they take over the world?
Who would win in a fight, Deadpool or Boba Fett?
Who Would win 2,000 Dinosaurs with laser Eyes or 2,000 tanks
Average Spartan vs Average Samurai in a fight to the death
Who would win in a wrestling match between President Trump and Kim Jung-un?
DC Villains vs Marvel Villains: Who would be the victor?
Was Erwin Rommel a good guy? I am reading about German generals in WW2, and I have come to the conclusion that Rommel was a great general. However, what were his views on antisemitism and discrimination? Was he an evil person?
Ben 10's original ten aliens battle it out. Who comes out on top?
Colossus vs Black Panther: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight between Mephisto and Trigon?
Who would win, Rattlesnake Jake vs. Viper?
How many unarmed hippos would it take to beat an armed hippo?
Who would be victorious out of Agent Coulson vs Agent Hill, and why?
If DC went up against Marvel with no information on each other in an open field next to a stream of water, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Sasuke?
The 3 games in the Dark Souls series goes in a depressing head to head against a team consisting of Shadow of the Colossus, Heavy Rain, and Telltales: The Walking Dead. What happens: Who would win?
Who would win a war between France and Russia?
A 12-foot-tall human wielding a sword that is 8 feet in length, and indestructible versus a M1A2 Abrams tank that is fully equipped and manned: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between Percy Jackson and Jason Grace?
Who'd win, The Sonic The Hedgehog universe VS the events of Avengers: Infinity War?
Who would win, Shaiapouf vs Razor?
Who would win a fight between a body builder having weight advantage of 100 lbs and an skilled MMA fighter?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Vader vs. Darth Plagueis?
Who was the better field commander in the US Civil War: Lee or Grant?
Who could win in a fight between comedians if all of their funny anecdotes were true?
Who is the strongest superhero/supervillain that Daredevil could beat?
Is Arceus as described in lore capable of defeating Thanos ?
Who would win, Killua in Godspeed mode or MCU Thanos?
How many wolves would it take to defeat...
Who would win in a fight, Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet or the Great Galactus?
Could Canada Invade and Defeat the United States with the assistance of several historical figures.
Who would win, Saitama vs Son Goku?
Who can "word of mouth" Muhammad Ali beat?
Your reddit username becomes the name of a superhero/supervillain.
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Vision?
You vs Siberian Tiger Who would win?
How would a war game play out between two individuals only relying on the Art of War strategies?
Who do you think would win in a guitar battle between Herman Li and Steve Ouimette?
Who would win, Superman vs Wonder Woman?
Who would be the champion out of Dana Scully vs Marge Gunderson, and why?
What if Argentina and Brazil had joined the Axis Powers during World War 2?
Who would win, Cain, Sire of All Vampires vs Superman?
What would a fight between Jonathan Joestar and Superman be like?
Is war with North Korea inevitable as of December 9, 2017?
If war broke out between Spain and Morocco, who would be the most likely to win this war?
Who would win, A Cow The Size Of Texas Made Of Titanium vs A Jar Of Horseradish With Complete Control Over Technology?
Who would win, Black Canary versus Black Cat?
Who would win in a fight, Anakin or Bastila Shan?
Who'd win, Hulk vs Doomsday?
Who would win, Symbiote vs Xenomorph?
Who would win in a war between Israel and Canada?
Who would win, Fate/Zero and Fate/Stay Night's Servants vs One Piece's Shichibukai?
Who would win out of Biblical God vs other religions, and why?
Who wins a Alaves FC versus Real Societal FC game?
Who would win in a fight between Captain America and Daredevil?
Who could Mac beat in a fight?
Who would would in a fight between the last two people you spoke to?
Portogus D. Ace and Natsu vs Crocodile and Garra: Who would win?
Who would win this match: Batman vs the Punisher?
Who would win out of A full grown silverback gorilla wearing well fitted plate mail vs. Batman, and why?
In a war between a Nordic coalition and Australia, who would win? Assuming there would be no allies involved.
Who would win, Naruto Uzumaki vs Ichigo Kurosaki?
Who would win, Saitama or Galactus?
In which comic does Hulk fight Zeus?
How many ant sized U.S. marines could a full sized Japanese Spider Crab defeat?
Fortnite VS. PUBG: Who would win?
Who would win, Magetta vs Batman and Cyborg?
Bloodmatch a Singular SASR Soldier vs a Singular Naval Seal
Who'd win, Raditz VS Madara?
Who would win this punch-up: Mike Tyson with the Infinity Gauntlet vs Thanos with boxing gloves?
Who would win in a fight Zeus or Odin battle to the death?
Who could beat Supa Hot Fire in a rap battle?
Doomguy vs. 10 Navy SEALS: Who would win?
Ghost Rider vs Ultron: Who would win?
Who would be the winner out of Panda vs Koalas, and why?
Is it more likely that Trump will win the Presidential Election or drop out of the race?
What would realistically happen if a nuclear war was to take place?
Who would win, Deathstroke and Snake Eyes vs Taskmaster?
Who would win, Super Saiyan God Blue Goku vs Superman One-Million?
Who would win, Jon Snow, Sam, and Ghost vs. Jaime Lannister and a Lannister foot soldier?
Who would win: Minato or Jiraiya?
September Participation Trophy Contest for August 26-September 2
Who will win in a war between UK and Australia without outside intervention?
All of the Terran in this cinematic are replaced with Spartan II's and their numbers are increased tenfold. Can they overcome the Zerg?
Who would win a war between China and Russia if neither side brought any allies to the fight?
Who would win, Superboy Prime vs. The Sentry?
Could Bruce Lee beat Fedor Emelianenko in a fight?
Who would win this match: 10 rational men with shotguns led by Grand Admiral Thrawn vs 10 Navy SEALs?
Who would win this war: Barack Obama vs Bill Clinton vs Jimmy Carter vs Lyndon Johnson vs John F Kennedy vs Harry Truman vs Franklin D Roosevelt?
The Flash vs a normal human brain: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a Tour de France with the best Indurain and the best Armstrong?
Can India win a war against Tibet?
Who would win this match: Talion VS Corvo?
In a cage match, who would win, Charlie Cheever or Adam D'Angelo? Why?
Smaug , Balerion the Black Dread and Hungarian Horntail : In a battle between these three, who will win and why?
Who would win, Stain or Deku, IIDA and Todoroki?
Will a second American Civil War occur in the near future? If so, how would it play out? How would it spark? What sides would there be?
Can Hulk match Thanos in pure physical strength?
Who would win in a fight between Steve Austin between the Six Million Dollar Man and a Predator?
Battle: Who would win between two of the greatest hunters; the royal and graceful Black Panther vs. Kraven the depraved?
Who would win the fight between the Sphinx and the Lamassu?
In a 1v1 fight, who would win between Agent May vs Emily Thorne ?
Saitama learns how to breathe in space, who can he defeat now that he couldn't before?
Who would win, Snoop Dog vs. Eminem?
Mother Brain Vs. Braniac... who would win?
Could Black Bolt hurt the Juggernaut with his voice?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Liberty Prime vs North Korea, and why?
Every US President
Who would have won in a fair fight between Jaime Lannister and Rhaegar Targayrean?
Who would win in a fight between a giant duck and a giraffe if they both weighed about the same?
Who would win out of A small squadron from Battle star galactica vs. a small squadron from Star Wars, and why?
Who would win, Dock Ock vs Some MCU Civil War characters?
Can batman successfully lead a Revolution against North korea.
What Characters do you thing could beat One Punch Man?
Is there an overlap between a career in IT and climate change? I’m wanting to transition, but I do not know enough about careers in combating climate change to chart my new path.
Featuring Bit Cloud and the Liger Zero
Who would win the tag team battle between Deadpool and Virgil and Death Stroke & Dante?
Who would have the edge out of Appule vs. Modern Earth, and why?
Who would win in a civil war between West and East America?
Who would win, Percy, Annabeth, and Grover versus Harry, Ron, and Hermione?
Who would win, Baby with a gun vs Baby with magic potion?
Hypothetically, if the WW2 era Allies went to war against each other in 1940, who would win?
Who is the most powerful superhero that Dennis the Menace could drive insane?
How many Navy SEALs to take down Darth Vader?
Why is Bernie Sanders still in the race — since he mathematically can't win — when he might be hurting Hillary's chances?
Who would win this fight: Ultimate Composite Human Vs Your favorite character?
Who would win, The average man with type 1 diabetes vs the average man with type 2 diabetes?
A trend of superhero-style vigilantism spreads across the world.
Who would win this fight: Bee Shrek Test in the House vs. Rise of the Tangled Frozen Brave Dragons?
Wolf pack v. Lion pride?
Who would win a fight between Venom and Spawn?
The Butcher vs Lu wang and Doomguy: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win, Scott Pilgrim vs Sasuke Uchiha?
Who would have the edge out of Ant-Man Vs. The Atom, and why?
Who would win this match: Teddy Roosevelt and Obama vs Donald Trump and Putin?
Every past president of the US is running for president. Who gets elected.
If Eray and Bahadır fought who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a vampire hunter and a Jedi?
Who would win, A full Grown Male Kodiak Grizzly Bear versus A Knight in Full Armor...but?
Which animal would come out on top…a Fully grown wild male Grey Wolf or a fully grown wild male Chimpanzee?
Who would win this brawl: Blue Whale vs a Orca?
If the NBA's 5 best defensive players played the 5 best offensive players in a 7 game series, who would win?
How can one break out from singlehood?
The Flash and Quicksilver lose their speed abilities, who would win in a fight?
Who would win, Syndrome vs. the Screenslaver?
Jesus Christ vs. All Atheists on Earth at this very moment: Who would be the champion?
Velociraptor pack vs the predator: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a naval/land battle between 20 boats with Somali pirates vs. 100 galleons with Golden Age pirates?
Who'd win, Batman vs Master Chief: H2H combat?
Who would win in a fight between Hercules and Perseus?
Who would win in a battle of wits between Wolverine fanboys and Batman fanboys?
Shonen Jump Battle Royale
Which Marvel character would win in a fight between Black Widow and Okoye?
Who would win, A guy with a cup of chips vs a guy with a bag of water?
Who would win in a fight, Raven or Dr. Strange?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and the Red Skull?
Who would win a TRUE World War?
Who will win a fight between a tiger and a jaguar?
Who would win in a fight between Zeus and Odin and why?
Who would win, Takeshi Kongou or Kaido?
Nightwolf vs. Chief Thunder: Who would be victorious?
What would happen if Russia stayed in the war?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Super Saiyan God Goku vs Wonder Woman, and why?
DIO's head is placed on a body with Liquid Snake's right arm. Which personality asserts its dominance?
Every television personality on Earth gains superpowers based on their shows' content and tone.
Who is the strongest character that Undertaleverse can defeat?
The Waterboy, Karl from Sling Blade, or Forrest Gump in a caged free-for-all. Who wins the battle of the tard strength?
Who would win, Tony Stark is given 1 years prep to build a space ship. When his time is up, he will be teleported to the Star Wars universe where Emperor Darth Vader and his Son rule the galaxy as Sith lords?
Who'd win, Ants with human-level intelligence vs. Humans?
Who would win, Thor vs Sephiroth?
Who would win this battle: Barack Obama is given a SPAS-12 shotgun and must hold the White House for 30 minutes against the last TV protagonist you watched. Could he survive?
Who would win, Darth Malak vs Darth Vader?
Everybody in The Bat Family disappears. What Marvel characters could best take their places?
Who would win this battle: Greek gods vs Their Roman counterparts?
Who would win, 5 Iron Legion Armor Drone vs 5 Ultron Drone?
The signature animals of every country do battle! Which country would win?
What do you think about the future of social shopping? Which types will win in this race?
Who will win the virtual reality race? Oculus, Microsoft, Samsung, HTC or "this geek working in his/her garage now"?
Who would win out of Australia VS North Korea, and why?
Robot Master Melee!
Who would win, Neal Allan a.k.a. “Lightspeed” Earth 73 or MCU’s Thanos with Power Stone?
Who would win, Hisoka Morou or Phantom Troupe puppets?
2012 Presidential Debates: Who would win in a physical fight: Obama or Romney?
Who would be the champion out of 12 Saltwater crocodiles vs 1 Megalodon, and why?
If a country were to swarm a hypothetical aerial battlefield with third-generation fighter jets versus a squadron of American F-22s, who would win?
Who would win a fight between Superman Prime One Million and Thanos?
Who will win the race, Amazon or Flipkart?
If Santa Claus applied his powers rationally, who would he be capable of defeating?
Your favourite villain is dropped into the One Punch Man universe; what threat level are they and can the hero association stop them?
Who would win, Thanos vs. Feats-Saitama?
Featured Character: Jackie Chan
Would I be able win a car race in an average, unmodified sedan against race cars from the 1930's? 500 miles. I have no racing experience.
Who would win this war: Gangster Vs. Gunslinger Free for all?
Who would win in a war between every street gang in the USA vs. the Roman Empire at its peak?
Screw animals!
How many adult men would you estimate that it would take to win a tug-of-war against an adult lion?
Which Alien Species would win, The Diamond Authority or the Dalek ?
Who'd win, Saitama vs the Gourmet World?
Who would win this battle: Alaskan Bull Worm Vs. Sea Bear?
Who'd win: Broly or the Hulk?
Leslie Knope v.s. Michael Scott both run for President
Who would win, Spirit Bomb vs Dragon Fist?
Who would win out of Frank West decides to make a documentary about North Korea and reveal all of their secrets. Is North Korea able to put a stop to him, and why?
Who would win, Ant-man vs Captain America?
Shichibukai vs. The Akatsuki: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, North Korea vs IS?
Who'd win, 1000 U.S. Marines vs. 1 sectillion wasps?
Who would win in a sword fight between Loras Tyrell and Jon Snow?
Who would win in a battle between Edward Teague and Edward Teach?
Master Chief runs an animal gauntlet!
Who would win, Gorr, The God of Thunder vs Thor, The God Butcher?
Who would win in a battle between Scarlet Witch and Quick Silver?
Who would win in a total war between dinosaurs at their peak and Snaiad creatures?
Who would win in a fight: Floyd Mayweather or Bruce Lee?
Who wins this fight: Shazam Vs Superman Vs Sentry Vs Bluemarvel Vs Black Adam Vs General Zod?
Who wins in the battle: The Punisher vs. Nuke? Consider hand-to-hand and a tactical battle.
Who would win in a fight between Superman, Sentry and the Plutonian?
Who would win, A robot made from all the Xbox Ones sold vs. A robot made from all the PS4s sold?
Who would win in a fight, a single Ewok or one of Jabba's Gamorrean guard?
Who would win, Chaos or Yamcha?
Who would win in a fight between a badger and a baboon?
Who would win this punch-up: Green Day but they control all plant-based life VS Arctic Monkeys but they’re PotA-style monkeys with cryokinesis VS Nickelback but their backs and bones are made of nickel VS 30 Seconds to Mars but they can go to Mars in 30 secondsVS Foo Fighters but they can transform into UFOs the size of humans?
Who would win in a fight between a honey badger and a Tasmanian devil?
Nightwing VS Terry McGinnis as Batman in a fight to win Bruce's love as a stand-in father figure
Utah Raptor vs. 2 silverback gorillas in their prime, fight to the death, who wins?
Who would win a war between Tywin Lannisters army and Genghis Khans Mongols?
Who would win between Vegito, Ultron, Brainiac, Apocalypse, and Thanos?
The Third Annual ASOIAF/Game of Thrones Tourney: Round 2
Who would come out on top out of Prepped Geralt of Rivia vs Soul of Cinder, and why?
Suddenly, an indestructible grey goo that consumes solid and liquid matter appears in Siberia, which expands towards conflicts.
If WW3 started in 1970, on what side would India and China be?
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke or Jiraiya?
Would Master Chief beat Batman in a fight to the death?
Marvel Comics: Who would win in a fight, the Avengers' Hulk or the Fantastic Four's Thing?
Why did the North win the U.S. Civil War?
If you were winning the biggest running race of your life and nearing the finish line, and you see someone fall, would you help them up?
Who'd win, Son Goku after listening to the hypest song ever vs. Superman, after listening to the chillest song ever?
Who'd win, Samurai Jack Vs Vampires?
Who would be victorious out of The IANP is back, but 3 member countries have left and it only consists of the United Kingdom, France, India, Pakistan, and North Korea. They have declared war on all of Africa, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Korra or Yamcha?
In the Game of Thrones epic if an Unsullied Army fought against a Westeros Army of an equivalent size like the Bolton or Tyrell Army who would win?
Finn the Human vs. Star Butterfly
Who would win in a race between Hermes, god of speed and The Flash?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Deadshot or the Punisher?
Who will win the battle between Notorious McGregor and Money Mayweather?
Every human on earth disappears, and at the same time every animal evolves sentience and human level intelligence. Which species would dominate the planet?
Who would win in a battle between a pit bull and a wolverine?
A Twist on a Classic Question
Who would win out of Free For All: John Wick, Jason Bourne, Jack Reacher, and James Bond, and why?
An elephant or a Brown Bear?
Who would win this duel: Lion vs Tuna?
Can WeRateDogs convince Jojo's villains not to kill dogs?
Hypothetically, if there was a war between the US and Canada, which side would the UK join?
Who would win a fight between Brock Lesnar And Shane McMahon?
Who would come out on top out of A gorilla with human intelligence vs. 2 gorillas with gorilla intelligence, and why?
WWW in a battle to the death : Silverback Gorilla or a Indian Rhino: Who would be the champion?
Where would Robert E. Lee have set up a defensive position between the Union Army and Washington, D.C. had he chosen to follow Longstreet's advice not to engage at Gettysburg?
Who would win a race between Speedy Gonzales and The Road Runner?
If all the Green Lanterns got in a fight who would be the last one standing?
Battle of the cheesy action heros.
Captain Olimar crashes to Earth in the former largest ant colony, near Hokkaido, Japan. What is the weakest creature that can stop his new army?
The Unseen Elder vs The cast of the Vampire Diaries: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this punch-up: Madison Square Garden has caught on fire, who can put it out faster, Portgas D. Ace, the Human Torch, or Ash's Charizard?
Who would win this match: Lion vs. Tuna?
What are the rankings of intelligence in the MCU?
Who would win in a fight, Drax the Destroyer or The Winter Soldier?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Mr. Fantastic?
What if we saw a death battle between Goku who mastered the Ultra Instinct and Thanos? Who would win? Can King Thanos beat Goku or vice versa? How strong is the Infinity Gauntlet, and can it beat UI Goku?
Who'd win, Mia Khalifa vs Lisa Ann?
Spiders and wasps gain superhuman intelligence and go to war with each other. Who would win?
Who would win, Ezio or Ezio on Mastery?
Who would win this duel: A grizzly bear versus a lion?
Who would win, Avengers vs Jiren?
What’s the difference between war combat in the jungle and the dessert?
Can Bleeding Edge Iron Man defeat Thor?
Who would win in a rap battle between Hugo Gallagher and Abdul Ahad?
Who would win between Conor Mcgregor vs T'Challa for the throne of Wakanda ?
A different type of Hunger Games battle...
A fully mature Rhino vs a fully mature Hippopotamus: Who would win?
Who would win in a war between all the countries in Eurafrasia versus the rest of the world? Islands like Japan and Great Britain are with the world.
Who would win in a fistfight between every leader of a country in World War II?
Who would win in a war between The Originals and The Heretics?
Who would win a war between China and UAE?
Who would win, Onion Ninjas vs regular Ninjas?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Black Panther?
Who would have the edge out of Blackman vs Bat Panther, and why?
Who is going to win RuPaul’s Drag Race season 9?
Can the World Breaker Hulk and Maestro team up together to defeat Galactus when he’s distracted and low on the Power Cosmic?
Who would win, Krav Maga or Shotokan Karate?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Hit?
SCP-682 has climbed onto a Space Marines battle Barge. Each Chapter is trying to kill it. Which Chapter can do it?
Who would win, Jesus, or Thanos?
In a fight between Luffy and Gon, who would win?
Who would win this combat: Star Trek vs Star Wars using only cannon that was established through television or movies?
50 Navy Seals vs 10 Nile Crocodiles: Who would win?
Could we power scale a headless chicken to be able to defeat Galactus.
Who would win in fight between Shazam and Superman?
Who would win, Sinestro vs Arkillo?
Another "Pick a Random Superpower" ladder!
What would happen in war if everybody had the same weapons, from pistols to carriers?
Who would win in a fight between The Hulk and the The Powerpuff Girls?
Would Annabeth Chase or Hermione Granger win in a fight?
Will the deployment of THAAD be the cause of WW3?
Who would win, Slender Man or Hulk?
What is it like to get in a fight?
Joker vs. Sam Vimes: Who would win?
Who would be the champion out of Whitebeard vs. God Of War team, and why?
God-Emperor of Mankind vs Darth Sidious: Who would win?
What does r/whowouldwin think of the show Deadliest Warrior?
Who would win this match: Eastern Mountain Gorilla Silverback vs. Female American Black Bear?
If the Russian elections were completely fair, who would win?
King Hippo VS An actual hippo
In light of the recent Deadpool trailer at comic con. How would a fight between Deadpool and Colossus go?
Who would win, Jean Grey with her powers vs Gleen Talbot with his powers?
Who would win, Sorcerer Supreme vs god-Pharaoh?
Who would win a fight between Darth Vader and Rick Sanchez?
Would the Mongols still win had they fought their battles in any scenario, like in a different climate, location, etc?
A Killer is Stalking You
Who would claim victory out of Ant-man vs Falcon, and why?
All non-super humans from fiction in a fight to the death.
Most dangerous/most impressive animal out-of-shape guy would stand a chance against, unarmed?
Who would win, Super Shadic or Hyper Shadic?
Which army did the Germans revere the most in WW2?
What are some cool tips to win lemon and spoon race?
Every country in the world can choose an animal native to it to represent it in a battle Royale! Who wins?
What are some of the best acting choices in the MCU?
Who'd win, The United States, United Kingdom, France, Russia, India, Pakistan, China, and North Korea have formed an International Alliance of Nuclear Powers and declare war against the rest of the world?
Who will win the USA, China, and Russia?
Who would win, MCU Captain America with his shield vs DCEU Superman?
Who would win out of Blastoise vs 10 WW2 tiger army tanks, and why?
John Farrell gets all feats from his song, "How about you?" Who is the strongest he can beat?
In a battle between two armies with the same number of forces which one would win?
Who would win in a fight between Zarya and Heavy?
Who would win in a fight, Bruce Lee or Ronda Rousy?
If Spain uses military power against Catalonia, how could Catalonia defend?
Weakest female character that could bear superman's child without cheating?
What is the best strategy for Conor McGregor to beat Floyd Mayweather? Does he even have a chance at winning?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and Arceus?
Who would win, Widowmaker is given a contract: kill Ozpin and disrupt the Vytal Tournament. Meanwhile, America finds a portal in Salt Lake that leads to an area near Vale?
Who would win this punch-up: Ocarina of Time's Water Temple vs. Bravely Default's Fire Temple?
Who would win in a fight to the death between a full grown silverback male gorilla versus 4 full grown male chimpanzees?
Why do some call the Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather fight The Fight of the Century?
Does it make sense to be more afraid of a war between the USA and China instead of a war between the USA and Russia?
Who would win, Thor Vs. Beerus. God of Thunder Vs. God of Destruction?
Ghost Rider invaded the Naruto-verse. Can he solo it?
Who would win in a half-mile race, the Millennium Falcon or the Peregrine Falcon?
Who would be victorious out of Spider vs. Ants, and why?
Who would win if there was a World War between every Disney Kingdom?
Who would win, Black Panther vs Taskmaster?
Who'd win, Bull columbian mammoth vs Tyrannosaurus rex?
Who would win out of 2 on 2 Chain linked Gladiatorial battle between Team one vs Team two Details inside, and why?
Who can 50/50 in a physical fight against One Punch Man?
Who would win between Hokage Kakashi and Kakuzu?
On HBO's The Wire, in a hypothetical scenario in which the police did not intervene and Omar wasn't Omar, who would win a drug war between the Barksdale Crew and the Stanfield Organization?
Who would win a war between Serbia, Russia, India, China, Brazil, Vietnam, North Korea, Belarus, Turkmenistan, Syria against NATO and South Korea?
Who would win, SSJ2 Gohan or Krillin?
Who would win, Toph vs The Thing?
Who would win in a fight, bulk, or shred?
Who would win a boxing match between Rocky Balboa versus Isaac Frost?
Who would win in an arm-wrestling match? Saitama vs Goku
Who would win in a fight between a baboon and a wolf?
Lightning McQueen vs the Batmobile
Who would win in a battle between an M3 Lee and an M4 Sherman if both sides had unlimited ammunition, fuel, and were both facing each other?
If 3 lions and a triceratops fought, which would win?
Has Russia paid off the USSR's Lend-Lease debt?
Who will win in a war between Slovakia and Slovenia if they are neighbors?
Do you think humans would win a war with aliens?
Who would win: 3 trillion lions or the sun?
Who would win this war: Team Stark vs. Team Cap if they actually wanted to kill eachother?
If the whole Akatsuki Crew would encounter Orochimaru, who would win?
If Russia and Canada went to war over Arctic territory claims, how would the war be fought and who would be likely to win?
Who would win in a battle between Percy Jackson, Harry Potter, Luke Skywalker, and Aragorn?
Who'd win, Tarzan vs Gustave the crocodile?
Who would win in a battle between 75,000 modern Russian soldiers and 100,000 WW2 era US soldiers?
Who would win in a fight, a dog or a cat?
Why is "X vs Y, who wins the race?" trending on Quora?
Who would win, Senator Armstrong and Funny Valentine run for President in 2016. Who has the higher chance at winning?
Who wins the financial race in the long term, an IAS, a doctor, an engineer or a businessman?
Featured Team: H.I.V.E. Five
Who would win in a fight, The Hound or Jorah Mormont?
Who would win, a wolf vs a dingo?
What would happen if WW3 started?
Who would win this fight: Perfect Cell vs Wonder Woman?
Hypothetically, who would win in a war between Japan and all of Eastern Europe, except Russia and Greece?
Who will win in these battle scenarios? Karna vs Bhisma, Bhisma vs Arujuna and Karna vs Arjuna?
The Thanksgiving turkey in Norman Rockwell's painting "Freedom from Want" suddenly stands up, evolves into an ostrich and starts attacking the family there. Can they survive: Who would be the champion?
Is there any humanoid character that actually couldn't beat a paper bag in a fight?
Who would win between the Thought Robot and Thanos with the Heart of the Universe?
Who would win, Panzer III ausf J vs Strider vs AT-ST vs Revenant?
Who would win in a fight, an athletic human male or an average strength baboon?
Who would win a fight between Batman and The Punisher?
Who would win, A Tiger I with infinite ammo and fuel gets dropped during late Cretaceous?
Accelerator vs. Saitama: Who would have the best chance of winning?
If Rommel had full authority in Europe prior to Normandy, could he have stopped the Allied invasion of France?
Who'd win, Aizen gets the light logia devil fruit, two rinnegan eyes, lightning dragon slayer magic, and Dio's The World Stand. Who's the strongest character that he could beat?
Old Man Ezio vs Old Man Snake in a stealth contest: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Team Arrow vs Team Bat?
Is the film "We Were Soldiers" an accurate depiction of the brutal combat soldiers faced in Vietnam?
Black Panther vs. Captain America: Who would win?
Who would win if 3000 Spetsnaz fought the weakest version of the Avengers?
What if the Berlin Airlift caused WWIII?
Blackmask hires 10 assassins to kill Batman from the Marvel Universe
Who would win, Tiny Hippo vs. Tiny Raven?
Who'd win, Hatchet Face and Heartbreaker vs Batman and Black Panther?
Who'd win, 50 Daredevils who can see and can turn into any vehicle at will vs. A Pet Rock who can fly if no one is looking and has a voodoo doll of his opponent?
John Wick Has His Dog Again, But...
Who would win, Russian Spetsnaz or the Irish Republican Army?
Who'd win, Bengali housewife vs Emu?
Who'd win, A stealthy and heavily armed Nepalese man with his fat American friend and pet bear vs a Nepalese military outpost with 8 soldiers?
Who would win in a battle: 1,000 Spartan hoplites or 1,000 Roman legionaries? How would the battle play out?
Who would win this duel: Noctis Lucis Caelum vs Starkiller?
If the Spanish police/military started to beat the Gibraltarians, like they did to the Catalonians, would Britain go to war with Spain and protect Gibraltar? How would Europe react?
Who would win a race war between all white countries and all non-white countries?
Who would win, Beerus vs the Justice League and the Avengers?
Who would win in a straight fight between Batman and The Guardian in Supergirl on the CW?
Who would win, Odin or the Emperor of Mankind 40K?
Mystery Inc as kids take the place of the main characters in Ghost Stories. Which ghosts can they successfully defeat?
Who would win in a fight between all of the best actor Oscar winners?
In a situation where one man is outnumbered and cannot possibly win, is it more honorable to fight as you die, or to drop your weapon and let your opponents kill you?
Do Tamils fight between themselves?
Who would win in a fight Batman or Captain America
Who'd win, Black Cat vs Catwoman?
Who would have the edge out of Bill Clinton vs. JFK in a cunnilingus contest, and why?
Who would win, Bond with prep vs Bats with prep?
Who would win the most rounds if every actor who has portrayed a superhero in the past 20 years fought 1v1?
If Donald J. Trump and Vicente Fox fought each other to death, who would win?
Who'd win, Two bottle nose dolphins vs. a polar bear?
Talion is transported to the Marvel Universe and is given a month to grind, Brand, and prepare. Who is the strongest character/team of characters he can defeat after that timeframe: Who would be the winner?
Who would win this punch-up: Perrin Aybara vs. The Mountain?
Hold onto your Butts! Spongebob vs 4chan Shrek vs Old Spice Terry Crews vs Internet Chuck Norris vs Batman with 100 years prep time.
Who would win, 10 Heavy Grunts vs 1 Jackal?
Which would pose the greater threat to humanity: Flying bears or amphibious sharks?
Samus' gunship Vs. Star Fox's arwing: Who would win?
Who'd win, Ralph from Wreck it Ralph vs Po from Kung fu panda?
Who would win in a battle of wit between Bruce Wayne and Sherlock Holmes?
What will happen if you broke the omertà?
The Protagonists of Ace Combat VS...
Deathstroke vs Spider-Man , who would win?
Who would come out on top out of Roshi vs Naruto, and why?
Who would win this duel: Fucker Her Right In The Pussy Guy Vs. Kanye West and Interrupting Cow?
Who would win a war between Brazil and Argentina?
Doctor Who vs. Metroid vs. Frankenstein vs. Zelda: Who would have the best chance of winning?
How does Jason Voorhees keep coming back to life?
Who would win, Vegeta vs. Shadow?
A battle Royale amongst Death Battle Losers
Who would win in a fight, Gajeel or Luigi?
Who would win in a fight, Ant-Man or Aang?
In a battle between Steppenwolf and Dormammu, who would win, and how would the fight play out?
Who'd win, Marcus Fenix and Delta Squad vs Buck and his ODSTs?
Who would win, Palpatine or Saruman?
Strongest character Talion can beat?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between the Incan and Mayan empires and the people from the Jomon period in Japan?
Bruce Wayne's mind is placed your waifu's Body, Who Is the Strongest That BatWaifu Can Beat?
Who would win in a battle between a Kodiak bear and a polar bear?
here are ten "useless" powers, you can choose three of them, and with clever thinking, who is the strongest person you can beat?
A company produces a series of comic books for EVERY SINGLE BATTLE EVER SUBMITTED. which sells the most copies?
If a war began today, would there be a draft?
All non-human mammals are fed up with our shit and decide they want us dead. Does humanity survive?
Who would win this match: Male red kangaroo vs Mike Tyson in his prime?
What would happen if Goku and Vegeta merged and then went ultra instinct? Who would win if they fought Beerus?
Why so many racing games use "You win!" instead of "You won!" in the end of a race? Isn't the first grammatically inaccurate?
could a naked unharmed human defeat a bear in a cage fight?
Who would win, Fuhrir King Bradley vs Paul Muad'Dib Atreides?
What would happen if a squad of Japanese ninjas fought a squad of Indian Rajput warriors? Who would win?
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs Darth Maul?
Who will win a war between China and Israel? Why?
Who would win this combat: Darth Sidious vs. Darth Snoke?
If all the top writers of Quora fought each other with everything they ever had, who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Scooby Gang solving a mystery where the baddie is actually a monster vs Scooby Gang solving a mystery where the baddie is just a guy in an inexplicably good mask?
What do you think of Saitama versus Thanos? Who will win? Which members should be in Saitama’s and Thanos’ teams?
D runs the Dragon Ball Gauntlet
Who would win, Ghost Train vs. The I Like Trains Kid?
Who would win in a fight between a grilled cheese and a taco?
A silver back gorilla is given the FEV , who is the strongest it could defeat?
What are some examples where a country didn't think it could win a war but still fought anyway?
Who would win in a battle against Deathstroke the Terminator and Captain America?
What character has the biggest power drop if we base everything on their worst anti-feat?
Who would win this duel: Wonder Woman under the influence of a bunch of peyote VS Gal Gadot?
Class 1-A VS Linus: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Composite Gilgamesh vs. A single one of Bernkastel's Quadrillion Cats?
Who would win in a battle between Corypheus and Dumat?
Who would win, Catwoman vs Black Cat?
Barack Obama v.s. Vladimir Putin
If all of the diep.io bosses fought in a death match, which one would win?
Who would win a fight between The Abomination And The Juggernaut?
Who would win in a battle between a Guardian an AT-ST?
Who would win, 1 Australian SAS, 1 UK SAS, 1 Canadian JTF-2, 1 NZ SAS, 1 USA Navy SEAL, 1 Turkish Maroon Beret, 1 RoK SFB, 1 Japanese SFG, 1 Israeli Sayaret as a fire team and all with Arrowverse Mirakuru vs?
Who'd win, Human Male vs. Tiger Shark?
Do you think that in the event of WW3, Chinese and Russians will round up all the westerners and send them to concentration camps?
Who would win, among Daredevil, Iron Fist and Deathstroke?
Who would win in a fight to the death, a full grown male lion or a full grown gorilla?
Who would win in a fight between Chunk from The Goonies and Jason from Friday the 13th?
Why did Japanese soldiers commit such atrocities as the Nanjing Massacre?
Who would win this war: Wonder Woman vs The Flash?
This subreddit exists?!? Awesome!!!! Guile from Street Fighter vs. Stan Smith from American Dad! in a hot dog eating contest to save America.
Who would win this combat: Matt Murdock, the Daredevil vs Jessica Jones?
Who'd win, Sarah Palin with a sonic scream vs Barrack Obama with elongating limbs?
TV antiheroes: Frank Underwood, Walter White, Nucky Thompson, Tony Soprano.
Who would win this brawl: Green Room vs The Purge vs You're Next Vs A Clockwork Orange vs The Strangers vs Assault On Precinct 13?
Lightning v Batdog
Batman is now a wolf. With no equipment, can BatWolf take down a grizzly bear?
What if we fought wars - To Win? My take can be found here >> What If We Fought Wars – To Win? What do you think?
Who succeeds first? Batman punching a bat, or Spiderman swatting 100 spiders?
Who would win, Deadpool vs Voldemort?
Given that they face uniquely gruesome and likely deaths, should the first infantrymen sent to fight in hard vacuum be promised the historical benefits of Les Enfants Purdus?
Muhammed Ali runs a Kangaroo gauntlet
Who would win in a fight between MCU Wanda Maximoff and Charles Xavier?
Who would win out of A fully grown great white shark vs an equal sized muskie, and why?
Who would win this war: Doctor Octopus VS Beast?
Who would win in a fight between a leopard and a tiger?
U.S. President Battle Royal
Who would win in a fight, a swordsman with a see through ballistic shield and a broadsword, or a marksman with a .357 and a shotgun?
Who would win in a battle between the British Army and the US Marine Corps with neither group receiving any outside support?
Android saga Vegeta vs Wonder woman: Who would be the victor?
Talion takes on the mission to assassinate Osama Bin Laden
How would a fight between the Islamic State and Israel play out?
If Saudi Arabia and Iran went to war, who would win?
Do people know that Indians are not a race, and many Indian guys with Caucasian features win Mister World?
How can I win horce racing bets in Bet365?
If Pennywise the Clown and the Wolverine were in the same universe, who would win in a death match?
Who would win in a fight between Rhaegar Targaryen and Jaime Lannister?
Who would win, MCU Spider-Man vs DCU Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Kung Fu panda vs. The Blob ?
Batman vs Hannibal Lecter - Who would win?
Who would win, MCU Hydra Captain America with Hydra Vibranium shield and Thor's hammer and his lightning power vs MCU’s Thanos?
Who would win this fight: Gorilla with knight armor and a big sword vs a grizzly bear?
You have limited immortality, an Iphone 10 with infinite battery power and access to the modern internet. You've been transported to Paris in the year 1250. Can you take over the world? Who would win?
If every popular Quoran fought in the Hunger games who would win?
Who would win, Toriko vs Saiyan Saga Vegeta?
Who would win out of Luff vs Thor, and why?
Who would win in a fight, a human or a pelican?
Why do fans of Mass Effect continue to wildly overestimate the Reapers’ capabilities? I routinely see people claim that the Reapers could easily handle such behemoths as the Galactic Empire, the Imperium of Mankind, and the Forerunner Ecumene.
Who would win in a fight between the Hulk and Optimus Prime made up of vibranium?
13 Ghost Free-4- all
Who's the slowest character that could beat Space Ghost coast to coast?
What is the difference between a .308 WIN and a 7.62 x 51 NATO round?
What would happen if WW3 started today and all nuclear missiles launched at the same time?
Just How in the Hell can Courage the Cowardly Dog beat Batman?
In a hypothetical scenario of a war between Colombia and Venezuela, taking into account the allies and army state, who would win?
Who would win this combat: Toriko vs Thor?
Who'd win, A Bear Vs A Walrus but the Bear has ten second pre-cog and the Foodstuff Machete, And the Walrus has human arms and velociraptor legs, and is foodlusted?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and Naruto vs. Vegeta and Sasuke?
Who would win this war: The God Emperor has finally passed, but his dying gift was the ability for warp travel to be maintained, and bringing the highest decorated commander from another universe to take his place... this man is Zapp Brannigan?
Who would win in a fight between a perentie and a wedge-tailed eagle?
Who would win in a battle of wits between Tenali Rama and Birbal?
Who would win this brawl: The iron bull vs legate lanius?
Who would win: anime swordsmen
Your Favourite vs. A Historical Durability Challenge
Who would win, Golden Frieza or Golden Frieza?
Who would win in a modern war if the UK and the US was at war with China and Russia, without any neutral interference?
Roy Mustang vs. Garra of the Sand: Who would come out on top?
At the battle for Hogwarts both armies end up in the castle. All lights are put out and a red lightsaber springs to life. Can Darth Vader kill everyone.
Who would win if Disney villains fought in a Hunger Games style?
All Jerma Rumble contestants battle it out: Who would *really* win?
Who would win in an all-out conventional war between Austria-Hungary and the United States without interference from other nations?
If attacked by a constrictor, could you bite your way through it?
Who would win if there was a war between ISIS and Iraq alone?
If the playable characters from every Mortal Kombat game fought the playable characters from every Smash Bros. game, who would win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Ra's al Ghul riding a bull vs. a bull with the mind of Ra's al Ghul, and why?
Meerkat vs. lemur: who would win in a fight?
Jason Vorhees vs. The Animal Gauntlet: Who would be the victor?
Who would win Remy Bonjaski vs Andrei Arlovski if they fought in pride fighting?
For movie characters with multiple incarnations, who would win in a fight that included an all version free for all.
Vampire Strain Multiverse Supremacy!!
Who would win in an edge off, Reaper or Darth Vader?
Who would win, Superman or the entire Justice League?
Who's the strongest DBZ character that Batman could beat in a fight on his own?
A battle between every Cartoon Superhero
In 7 days every Vehicle in the world will transform into a transformer and try to kill you. Can you survive?
Who would win, Rogues vs Your favorite fictional team?
Who would win, 6 babies vs a tree?
Who would win a fight between a Quaker and a Jain?
The Four Heavenly Kings vs Kaguya Ootsuki: Who would win?
Ridiculously Radical Robot Royal Rumble: Gurren Lagann, Pacific Rim, MechaGodzilla, Iron Giant, Megas XLR
Who would win, the Man-Thing or Groot?
Who would win in a Death Battle between Lara Croft and Jill Valentine?
Shouldn't humanity, as a whole, put more effort in fighting against aliens or demons than in fighting one another?
Who would win, Historical Battle: Bob Denard vs. Jack Churchill?
Who would win this combat: JoJo vampires vs. Twilight vampires?
who can composite FFG Obama defeat?
Which submarine would win in a fight between an Akula class submarine and and Rubin class submarine?
You can swap your body parts with body parts of animals. How powerful are you? Who would win?
Who would win this fight: Pinky in Goku's body vs the Brain in Vegeta's body?
How many silverback gorillas would it take to beat a fully grown male Siberian tiger?
Who'd win, A Song of Ice and Fire characters take the place of the Fellowship of the Ring?
Who'd win, Colonel Fedmahn Kassad vs The Doomslayer?
Who would win a fight between Donald Cerrone and Conor Mcgregor?
All 44 presidents of the United States enter a battle royale. Whoever is the last man standing gets to be the emperor of the United States and gains complete control of it. Who shall survive?
Why is it "slow and steady 'wins' the race" and "time and tide 'wait' for none"?
Who would be the victor out of Orca vs Sperm Whale, and why?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between the Imperial Japanese Army and present-day ISIS jihadists?
Who would win in a fight, Aang and Katara or Kid Naruto and Hinata?
All the different versions of Spider-Man cross over, but instead of coming together against a common foe, they see each other as doppelgangers.
Who would win in a fight between Marvel's Dracula and Deadpool?
If Russia had a war, would Chechnya have to join the Russian army?
Superman vs Wonder Woman: Who would claim victory?
What if Spain had invaded Gibraltar during the Falklands War?
What would happen and who would win if there was: Batman and Superman Vs. Captain America and Iron Man?
Who would win in a fight where Thor, the Thing and the Hulk are up against Superman, Aquaman and Green Lantern?
Who'd win, Ceaser and his Apes must hold the Great Wall, do they succeed?
Who would win, Kimiko vs Charizard?
What are the few reasons that North Korea won't trigger World War 3?
Who would win, A swarm of Tardigrades equal in weight to a Brachiosaurus that has been infused with the Gem of Cyttorak and has the collective mind of Batman appears in Marvel NYC. Can they take of the world?
Can the Batman's Justice Buster suit defeat the Iron Man's Phoenix Buster/Superior Armor suit?
Who would win in a fight, Green Lantern or Piccolo?
Who would win in a fight between Wilson Fisk and Diamondback?
Who would win, Bane or Bane from the 1997 Batman movie?
2 Kodiak Bears vs African Elephant: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, Fire Nation at solar eclipse vs. Hitler's third reich?
Weakest character/team that can beat the God Emperor of Mankind
What does it mean for a child under 10 years old to earn a black belt?
Isn't a battle between super smart humans simply cooler than a battle with a bunch of screws and wires?
What would you do if a friend without martial arts training of any kind told you he could alone beat 3 people in a fight?
You or a 90 lb. mountain lion? Who would win?
Who would win, Adult Bull Hippo vs a Navy SEAL?
Who'd win, Zebra from Toriko vs. Black Bolt. Multiple competitions inside?
Who would win, The Father of Mortis or Iron Man?
Could Amon beat Amon ?
If every x-men combined into a single being named x-person, who would win against them?
1 human sized Galactus's Vs 1 Galactus sized My Little Pony of your choice: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this fight: Spiderman Rogues vs. Charlotte Katakuri?
Who would win in a fight between Brienne of Tarth and Barristan Selmy?
Would Bruce Lee at his peak be able to contend with today's top MMA fighters?
Who would win this duel: 10 of you with a sword VS 1 hippo?
Who would win in a fight Batman or Bruce Lee?
How could a war between Spain and Germany happen in the next few years and who would win?
Who'd win, The Viet Kong vs Every gorilla in the world?
Black Panther vs Geralt of Rivia: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight between Thor and Lord Hanuman?
Who would be the champion out of The unique titans vs. The Colossi , and why?
Who would win, Superman vs Goku SSJ Blue?
Who would win, Vegeta or Gohan?
Strongest MCU character Mewtwo could defeat?
Who would Win a fight Between the Savage Hulk and The Indominus Rex from Jurassic World?
Who would win in a fight between Jean Grey and Superman?
Will uncontrolled LGTBQ activism be a cause of WWIII?
How Powerful Could a Cat be made using only webcomics and web originals?
Who would win in a fight: Wolverine or Komodo Dragon?
What would happen if a man raced a chimpanzee over 100m? Which animal would win?
Who would win in a fight, Megatron or Iron Man?
Who would be the winner out of Batman vs your high school all armed with metal bats, and why?
Who'd win in a fight between Elon Musk and Chuck Norris?
Who would win a full-scale conventional war between India and China without nukes?
Who would win, A krogan, a Witcher, and a hero from City of Heroes run a literature gauntlet?
Who would win in a war: Malaysia or Indonesia?
Who'd win, Water Wraith Vs. Plasm Wraith?
Would you get in a fight with a person that was built and muscular and intimidating at the same time?
Who would be victorious out of Alduin vs. Shulk, Lucina, and Lightning, and why?
Who would win, SSJ God Goku vs Thor?
Which real-life human could defeat Nolan's Bane in a fight?
Who would win if all species go to war right now?
Suicide Squad vs. Spiderman Movie Villains: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a hyena and chimpanzee?
Yourself in your masculine high school fantasies vs a team of Navy Seals
Overwatch Storms Normandy Beach.
Who would win in a fight between Oblivion and Eternity?
Who would claim victory out of Avengers vs. Powerpuff Girls, Samurai Jack, and Dexter , and why?
Who's the strongest Marvel hero you could beat with the proportionate powers of any 5 mammals?
Who'd win if the Ninja Army fought with Saladin’s Army?
Who would win out of the Fate/Stay Night Servants in their true historical/mythological forms?
Is it destined/karma having lost a business empire created, then winning the case fought for it but still no benefit, then standing a chance of gaining through different means but again that get delayed or uncertain?
MLK is alive. He decides to run for president. In the 2016 election. How does he fare?
Who would win, Reek vs Acklay?
Who would win a full-scale and possibly a nuclear war between Saudi Arabia and Israel?
Who would win, Superman or the New 52 Superman?
How many crows/ravens could the average man defeat?
Who would win in a fight: Predator or Yoda? It is a fight to the death.
Who'd win, The Empire vs. The Republic?
Who would win this duel: Shere Khan vs Simba's Pride?
The I-Rex vs the Rogue Titan: Who would win?
Which romantic relationship can beat Superman and Wonder Woman in a fight?
Who would win this match: The one above all vs. The judeo Christian god?
Does slow and steady actually help to win the race? What if rabbit had not sleep?
Who would win, Flash vs Quicksilver BIG UPDATE?
Who would win, Naruto using just taijutsu vs Batman?
Who will win in a fight between Adam Warlock and Shazam?
If there is a war between China & the US, who will Pakistan side with?
25 Brock Lesnar sized elephants vs. 1 elephant sized Brock Lesnar: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight between Cell vs. Cabba?
Who would be the winner out of Ghost Rider vs. Superman, and why?
Why did India participate in World War III?
Who would be the champion out of Sinestro vs Vision, and why?
Who would win Ramanujan vs Gauss vs Euler?
Who would win in a fight between Si Buta Dari Gua Hantu and Om Jin?
Strongest Manga/Anime Character that Captain Titus can defeat?
Who would win: Sasuke vs Madara Uchiha?
Was there any fight between the cast of Friends? Why can't they just meet and reunite?
Who would win in a fight? Melkor or Sauron with the Ring
Who would win in an all-out war between India and a Chinese-Pakistani coalition?
Who'd win, Vampire vs Hunter: Alucard vs D?
Who would win, Annie Leonhart from Attack on Titan anime or Kisuke Urahara from Bleach anime?
Commissioner Gordon has just lit the Bat Signal; at the same time, on the other side of town, Lydia Deets has just finished saying "Beetlejuice" a third consecutive time. Where does Michael Keaton appear first?
Who could my sister's superheroes beat?
Who would win in a fight, Marvel's Zeus or Silver Surfer?
A question I've been contemplating for longer than you'd think: Who would win in a free for all fight to the death among every fictional character named Peter?
Strongest Vampire JoJo can beat armed with Captain Americas shield.
Who would win in a battle between Hanuman and Kumbhakaran?
Who would win, Winter Soldier vs. Batman?
Scalability: What is the best hosting enviroment to combat large spikes in traffic between shared, dedicated, and cloud hosting environments?
Who would win a one on one between Hulk and Spider-Man?
Who would win, Training Luke Skywalker vs Death Star?
Who would win in a cooking battle between Yukihira Souma and Komatsu from Toriko?
What's the weakest land animal that could defeat a Zergling?
Battle Scenes
If we assume Avatarverse lightning is as fast as real-world lightning,, who's the fastest character Korra can beat?
Gwenpool loses her plot armor advantages/disadvantages and enters the DC universe. Who, realistically, is the strongest character she can defeat: Who would win?
Who would win, Bane vs the MCU?
Who would win Sasuke vs Thor
Who would win this duel: Heat Wave vs Captain Cold?
The 80s! Airwolf vs Blue Thunder: Who would claim victory?
If every ant in the world became the size of an elephant and gained the ability to fly. Who could they defeat?
Meet Chompo, the chainsaw wielding Chimpanzee. The governments most recent development in super soldier technology: Placing the mind of a veteran Navy Seal into the body of an adult male Chimpanzee. Can Chompo defeat the following characters?
Your favorite character with the powers of Superman VS a clone of themself with a Green Lantern ring.
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke Uchiha or Zeus Panhellenios?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between Edward Witten and Terence Tao?
How would humans win a war against AI?
Time Breaker Bardock Vs Darkseid: Who would be the victor?
Who would win a battle, Hela or Malekith?
Who would come out on top out of Fire Lord Ozai vs. Colonel Roy Mustang, and why?
The Battle of Brent Weeks' Books!
Which one would win in a battle between the PLAN Type 052D and INS Mormugao, both are loaded with helicopters in their hangars?
Who would win in a fight between a Tasmanian wolf and a dingo?
Thanos With The Infinity Gauntlet VS... The Onion
Who would win this duel: Mako Mankanshoku VS Bigby Wolf?
Who'd win, A Sciencelusted Bill Nye and Stephen Hawking <VS> Captain Kirk and Sarah Conner?
Who would win in a war between Indonesia and Pakistan vs Australia and New Zealand?
Who would win out of Didn't realize it was my Cakeday. Guess I should post something! Servants vs Magical Girls, and why?
Darth Vader and his Tie-Fighter are transported to the late Cretaceous period on Earth. Can he save the dinosaurs: Who would have the edge?
Pre-Heresy God Emperor of Mankind and all loyal 18 Primarchs versus The Justice League and the Fantastic Four: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, the son who wants to avenge his father versus the daughter who wants to save a planet?
What does MCU and MCEU stand for?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of A Navy Seal Soldier vs an adult Grizzly Bear, and why?
Who would win this battle: Bruce Wayne vs. Peter Parker?
Who would win, 65 year old Ichigo Kurosaki is sitting by a fire, and he says, "It is time for the shinigami to end"?
How did Rick Scott win the 2010 Florida Governor's Race?
Pick your favorite universe. How powerful would you be if your sole power was to subjugate anyone in your range to real world physics?
Who would win in a battle between a bull and a wolf?
Embrace debate.
It is the 2016 election in another universe. You, as a member of American society, must chose who you want for President.
Who would win this war: Battle of Wakanda but instead of The Mad Titan and his army, it's The Queen of Blades and the Zerg Swarm?
Who would win in a battle between William the Conqueror and King Leonidas with his Spartans?
Featured Character: Elric of Melniboné
Who will win in a fight between Nagraj and Wonder Woman?
What is a great reason the third World War would start? And when, in your best educated opinion, do you believe it would start and between whom? Are we talking within the year or a matter of a decade or two?
Who would win, Los Computadores de Paine vs IG-88?
Who would win, Soperman vs Guko?
Why is the half of my feed MCU-related these days?
At which latitude would a war be an equal fight between countries above and below?
Who would win in a fight, Sonic or Supergirl?
Who would win, Batman + Mr. Terrific VS Black Panther + Iron Man?
Who would win in a war, 1914 Serbia or the Independent State of Croatia?
Who would win in a fight: Bruce Lee vs Michael Jai White?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Ghost rider vs the dc universe, and why?
After reading answers on Quora, I feel like Britain and the USA did 10% of stopping Hitler. It’s all about the Russians. Am I wrong? My whole life, I felt like we contributed more.
Who'd win, Akatsuki vs Toriko and Zebra?
Who would win in a fight, Satan or the Grim Reaper?
If the Nazis fought ISIS who would win?
The Cross Country Road Trip of All Time
How the hell can this Superman be beaten?
Who'd win, Reddit Tough Guy vs Silverback Gorilla?
Who will win in a war between the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom and the Confederate States of America?
Who would win, Darth nihilius vs tenebrae?
You vs 30 bloodlusted feral cats. Who would win?
You with a Potato Gun vs You with a Metal Baseball Bat Who would win?
Who would win in a fight from the Lord of the Rings, Aragorn or Glorfindel?
In Death Battle, what if Goku fought Superman again after learning Ultra Instinct? Will he be able to win now?
What is it like to win a race in Formula 1?
Which animal would win in a fight, a lion or a bear? I’m not sure which bear, but the logo looks like a grizzly.
Rogue can now absorb any power, who's the most powerful person she can beat.
Who is the strongest character combined animal could defeat?
How many P-51 Mustangs would it take to shoot down a single F-22 Raptor?
Who would win in a fight to the death between Bolo Yeung and Tong Po?
Multinational Melee Edition 1
Who would have the edge out of Jimmy McNulty Vs Fox Mulder as MIB agents, and why?
Mid Street-Level Tourney: Semifinals
Who would win in War Machine & the Hulkbuster vs. Batman and the Flash?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 11/22/2015
Everyone's karma score is their power level. Who's the most powerful person on reddit?
Who would win, Dr Doom vs Lex Luthor in a live WhoWouldWin debate?
Who would win, Belmod vs MCU Thanos?
Who would win a shooting war between India and Saudi Arabia using air forces and Navy only?
Who'd win, Krypto vs A Lightsabertooth Tiger?
Who would win in a fight between world breaker Hulk vs antimoniter?
How would Annie Wilkes deal with Jack Torrance in her care?
Who'd win, The Avengers vs Chimera Ants?
Who'd win, Stephen King's IT vs Slender-Man?
James Comey must fight his way through Team Trump, how far does he get?
Who would be the champion out of 100 Mako Sharks vs. 100 Bottlenose Dolphins, and why?
Who would win this combat: Abraham Lincoln Vampire Slayer vs Buffy the Vampire slayer?
Sin versus Marvel: Who would be the victor?
Krang vs Mother Brain: Who would win?
Who would be the champion out of The Fire Nation vs All of This Subreddit, and why?
Of all the Quorans you follow, who would win in a fight?
You are in charge of Italy in 1920 and must enter WWII on the Axis’ side no matter what later on. How will you prepare to fight?
Who would win in a fight between Electro and Thor and why?
Who would win this duel: Magneto vs Darth Sidious?
What was the last real conventional war between major powers?
Who would win in a fight, Sonic or Charizard?
Who would win, Hit vs Lord Beerus?
In a battle between Sherlock and L on one team and Moriarty and Light on other team; who will win?
Who would win, Heavy Tank Fundoshi from OnePunch-Man Manga or Golden Ball from OnePunch-Man anime?
Who would win between monsters and aliens?
Who would be the champion out of Anakin Skywalker VS Saitama, and why?
What would happen if America and Croatia went to war?
In a hypothetical WW3 today, what would the name of the other powers be? It would be Allies vs. what?
Who would win this match: Mike Tyson vs The character of the last video game you played?
Fully grown male African elephant vs. a fully armored HMMWV
Who would be victorious out of Thor vs Justice League, and why?
If World War III triggers, what are the most important commodities, stocks, currencies, etc. and will people living in countries with the most natural resources such as USA, China, Russia, Canada, etc. have a greater chance of survival?
Who would win a fist fight between Zeus and the Devil?
Who do you think are the likely contenders for winning the Last Mile race in Canada?
Why are people hinting at a war in 2020?
Who would win out of Contessa Vs. Street Tiers, and why?
Who would win, Count Dooku vs Exar Kun?
Who'd win, Jaws vs Moby Dick?
Who'd win, Black Panther and Captain America vs Batman Beyond?
Who would win this duel: Road Runner VS Speed O' Sound Sonic , Sonic , and Quicksilver?
Hellboy vs Ghost Rider: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Master Roshi versus Jackie Chun?
Kurosensei vs Saitama: Who would come out on top?
What would happen if World War III begins as all electricity is gone suddenly?
Who would win, Thanos or Devoe from the CW Flash?
Does Colonel Roy Mustang become Fire Lord?
A honey badger vs a highly trained special forces K-9: Who would win?
Teams of 3 presidents, but we don’t know what the challenges will be like.
Who would win in a fight, a gladiator or a Praetorian guard?
How could you beat Batman?
Who would win in a fight between Cable and The Atom?
Who would win between a fight between a giant conch snail and a mantis shrimp?
Who would win a a fight, Mirajane Strauss or Wonder Woman?
Jessica Jones vs Khan: Who would be the winner?
What is “defilation”?
In the Daytona 500 mile car race on Feb. 18, 2018, did driver Dillon intentionally ram a car in front of his car, near the finish line, sending it into the wall, so he could go on to win the race?
Who would be the victor out of DC superheroes vs Marvel superheroes 1976-2004, and why?
How many of your high school friends do you need on your side to win against The Mountain ?
What will happen to Nepal and Bhutan if huge war broke out between India and China?
Who would win in a rap battle between Samuel Rosenberg and Ella Hughes?
Could any real human hope to win a in unarmed fight in a 15 vs 1 brawl?
Will NASA win the race to Mars?
A hypothetical question about Star Trek, if a sovereign class ship were to fight 5 defiant class ships, which would win?
APBT vs Timber Wolf: who wins?
Who would win, pre-retcon Beyonder or Thanos with HOTU?
How would you fight multiple people at once?
What about an Urbanized environment like a mega city or hive for a hypothetical battle or fight?
Shapeshifting Vs Mimicry
Who would win this match: Grizzly Bear vs Hippo?
Miniature-sized US Military v.s. everybody else
Who would win in a fight: Reverse-Flash vs Superman?
Is there any real-life human at all who has the slightest chance of defeating a Silverback Gorilla in unarmed combat?
Do you think we need a ranking system.
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Felicity vs Flash, and why?
Who would win, White Phoenix of the Crown from Marvel Comics or Adult Franklin Richards from Marvel Comics?
If Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia fought, who would win in an all out war with no outside interference?
Who'd win, Entire force of the U.S. military vs. Goku and Vegeta?
Thanos with no infinity gauntlet VS One punch man. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Vader or Jean Grey?
Who would win, Market forces: Kodiak Bear vs. Spanish Fighting bull?
Who would win this combat: Fire Lord Ozai vs Darth Vader?
Who would claim victory out of Batman vs a fire-breathing hampster for every time Batman was mentioned on this thread, and why?
Who'd win, Tony Stark and Armsmaster/Defiant have a year of working together and sharing tech, who can they take that they previously couldn’t before?
Helen Keller vs. Batman: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, S.T.A.R Labs vs. Q Branch?
Should President Trump receive the Nobel Peace Prize for inducing North Korea to officially end the war with South Korea and ending its nuclear bomb program?
Who would win in an hypothetical duel between an Aikido Master and a Sumo Master?
Who'd win, Filkins vs Billy Hargrove?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Vegeta?
Who would win in a battle royale between all 3 of the Kung fu panda main villains?
Maui v the Scottsman v Po the Panda
Is there a breed of dog that is better then a generic wolf in all categories you can think of?
How would Onaga from Mortal Kombat fair in a fight against powerhouses like Superman, Fin Fang Foom, or people like Hulk?
In a physical fight, who would win Bannerless Hulk or Pre-retcon Beyonder?
Superhero Tag
Who'd win, Kefka from FF6 vs Sephiroth from FF7?
How long can the US hold out against endless lions?
Who would win, The Human Centipede from the first Human Centipede movie vs the Walrus from Tusk?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy or Batman?
Who would win if naval warfare happen between Japan and North/ South Korea in the Sea of Japan?
Who would win in a fight between DC’s Killer Croc and Lizard?
Would a Sikh soldier in the US army fight in a war against India if his superiors commanded him to do so?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and Kylo Ren? How close would the fight be?
Who would win a war between Dayak people and FPI?
Who would win, The Chosen Undead , the Dragonborn , Geralt of Rivia , Guts , Gandalf the White , and Kratos team up to exterminate all evil. Everywhere. In every universe. How far do they get?
Who would win in a war between Bangladesh and Pakistan?
How many One Piece characters would be needed as a team to defeat Goku?
Who would win, Starkiller or Thanos?
How do you nullify the height advantage in a fight?
Who would win, Daken or X-23?
What animals can kill a giraffe in one to one confrontation?
Between the PRC, Russia, and the USA, which country would win a war in outer space?
Who would win, Hina or Hinata?
Who would win, Shazam/William Batson at maximum power or Doomsday?
Who would win in a fight in New York, Godzilla or King Kong?
How do I win a 5000mts race at a high school level?
Which fighting is more exhausting between modern combat and middle ages warfare?
Which tank would win between the King Tiger or the Super Pershing?
Who would win out of A Hippo vs a Rhino, and why?
You with a weapon and armor of your choice vs this challenge Who would win?
How well are modern troops in today's military trained in the use of melee weapons, and would they be able to hold their own against a medieval knight?
Who would win if all the top CEO's of the world fought Hunger Games style?
Your favorite villain is now President of Planet Spaceball. Can s/he lead them to victory?
Does being really angry help to win a fist fight?
An Ultramarine, a Black Templar, a Blood Angel, and a Space Wolf must all vie for the affection of the same typical anime high school girl.
Can a dolphin kill a crocodile?
Fully Realized Avatar Aang vs. SSJ God Goku
Who would be the winner out of Ant-Man and the cast of "A Bug's Life" vs. a man sized colony of fire ants, and why?
Team of the Month: The Akatsuki
Furious 7 : Why is Vin Diesel fond of choosing American muscle cars such as the Dodge, the Chevrolet and the Plymouth to win the races in the climax?
Who would win, Hamura or Hagoromo?
Who would win, Barney Rubble vs Barney the Dinosaur?
Who would win this match: Wolverine vs Wolverine- Lord of the vampires vs Werewolf Wolverine?
Since the stage is set for WW3, is it just a matter of time before it starts?
Could my dog defeat Cerberus and rescue me from the underworld?
Who would win in a fight: Batman Beyond or Spider-Man 2099?
Who would win in a war between 9gag and reddit?
Who would win a world war between every country that does not have nuclear weapons?
If there had been no winter, how would this have affected Operation Barbarossa?
What do you think is the most likely starting point for World War 3 if it isn't North Korea?
Who'd win, Savitar vs quicksilver?
How can I win a school cross country race with 2 months to prepare?
Who would win, the Batman versus Sinestro?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Maul and R'as Al-Ghul?
Is there any combat battle between spies versus enemy spies in history of warfare in WW1, WW2 or in modern era?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs. Kylar Stern?
How many Bald Eagles would it take to destroy an F-22 Raptor?
Who would win, Goku vs Jiren and Kefla?
Who'd win, Everyone's favorite Superhero vs Spider-Man?
Who would win in a fight between Boruto Uzumaki vs. Gohan?
If a gibbon had the size of a human which one would win in a battle?
Rowena Ravenclaw versus Moiraine Damodred, who would win?
In Naruto, who would win in a fight between Sasuke and Kakashi?
Who will win in a battle between the Fantastic Four and Deathstroke?
Who would win between Hulk and Bane?
Who would win this combat: USA vs. USSR: Presidential Showdown?
Who would win in a fight between India and England?
Who'd win, New Zealand vs New Zealand's sheep?
In track & field long distance running, can the pacemaker choose to finish, and even win the racing event or should they leave at a certain point?
Who'd win a modern-day war between France and England?
Are you glad that China, Asia and Brazil will win World War 4 against Russia and the EU and NATO in 2152?
Who would win? Dexter or Jimmy Neutron?
Who would win this duel: Ego vs Thanos?
Who would win, "Jack Kirby" The Fulcrum vs "White Space" The Primal Monitor?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Thor & Hulk vs Silver Surfer & Stable Sentry & Gladiator & Hyperion, and why?
Who'd win, MCU Hulk vs MCU Ant-man?
Did the Soviets have a chance at winning the space race?
Who will win the war between Italy and France assuming no country is given aid or assistance?
What if the US nuked NK today, would some anti-US nations support NK to fight US? Which countries would be some of them?
Who were better trained fighters in WW2, Wehrmacht infantrymen or the U.S. Marines?
all the times my threads were ignored now power me up exponentially
Julius Caesar vs Hannibal Barca: Who would be the victor?
If the United States of 1953 had known that North Korea would pursue nuclear weapons later on, would they have rejected the idea of an armistice in favor of continuing the war?
Who would win a fight between Superman and Batman, if Superman lost all his powers right before the fight?
Who would win, Trigon or Doomsday?
Who would win in a war, Kazakhstan or Mongolia?
Top Land Predator Tournament
Besides the Flash's Rogues Gallery, what hero or villain is best equipped to deal with a DC speedster?
Who would win in an air battle between 4 Me 262s and an A-10 Warthog?
Given that it's own mass and gravity didn't kill it, how would one fight a 500 lb hamster if you had no substantial weapons?
Who would win a war between NATO vs Russia and China?
How would a battle royal play out between Tobirama, Hiruzen, Tsunade, Jiraya, Kakashi, Might Guy and The Fourth Raikage? Who would win, who'd be eliminated and in what order?
Kraft Lawrence vs. Michael Scott: Who would be victorious?
Who will win in a fight, Superman or Ultimate Aggregor? Aggregor can absorb powers from any alien.
Can Batman defeat Thor/Hulk and how?
My grandma with a single shot shotgun protecting her chicken coup vs. 1 hungry and angry wolf.
Who will win a war between India-Russia and UK-USA?
Who would win, Zillo Beast vs Bendu?
Who wins in a fight between a tiger and a crocodile?
Who would win in a war between an Independent Texas and Mexico?
Who would win, Black Goku vs Black?
Do you think the world would be a better, worse or just different a place if all land was connected?
Are helicopters useful in combat between modern surface ships?
Who would win this fight: Dinosaur weapon vs dinosaur weapon people as dinosaurs?
Street sharks vs Ninja Turtles in a straight up brawl. Who would win??
Who would win in a fight to the death, the full starting 5s of the nba's lakers and thunder teams against the top 5 ufc fighters of the flyweight division. Extra info - fight in a ufc octagon, no weapons. If you think that ufc fighters would win how many basketball players would it take to win.
Who would win, Naruto, Goku, and Iron Man vs Thanos?
Who would win, True Form Darkseid or The One Above All?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Bowser?
Who would win out of One thousand seahorse sized sea-rexes vs one t-rex sized sea-rex, and why?
Amateur Hour for 5/21/17
Who would win in a conventional war between China, NK, and Pakistan vs India, SK, Japan, and Vietnam?
Who would win this battle: Constantine vs. Doctor Strange?
Cheetah vs Tiger: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, 3 Spartan IV's vs Commander Sarah Palmer?
Who would win in a fistfight between Donald Trump and Barack Obama?
You Inside a Deserted Walmart vs. A Horde of JP Raptors Who would win?
8 Veteran US Marines vs 2 Male Polar Bears: Who would have the best chance of winning?
John Wick replaces Black Widow in the MCU from the very first Avengers movie.
Who would claim victory out of Shadow the hedgehog vs. Knuckles the Echidna, and why?
The Last Human
The Jedi Council vs North Korea: Who would have the edge?
You versus a bloodlusted tabby cat with adamantium claws and teeth Who would win?
What will be your winning position if you are running a race alone?
Who is the strongest character that could be defeated by a 7 mile spanking machine?
A bunch of Dino Fights!
Who would win, a Kendo or an MMA fighter?
If humans waged war against all of nature, which one will win?
Superboy V Mark Grayson/Invincible
What are the moments that WW3 was almost triggered in world history?
Who would win, Saiyu "The Monkey" or the Mizaistom Nana "The Oz"?
Who would win this battle: The Galactic Empire VS. The Borg?
Can a pacemaker be allowed to win a race?
Who would win a fight Between Trion Juggernaut and Thanos?
May the 4th be With You
Who would win, The Doomslayer with a Red Lantern Ring vs MCU Hulk with a Red Lantern Ring?
Who'd win, Beliebers vs. Bronies?
Who would win in a fight: Mike Tyson vs. Bruce Lee? Why?
If Europe, Africa and Asia go to war with the USA, which side would win?
Who would win, Periwinkle vs. Orangered?
What if Skynet decided to hire the Faceless Men of Braavos to go to Los Angeles in 1995 and kill John and Sarah Connor?
B1 Battle Droids vs Walkers: Who would win?
Who will win in a fight between Harashirama Senju and Naruto the Hokage?
From the hypothetical superpower question, whose militaries would you like to see fight?
Predator vs. Pikachu: Who would be the victor?
Dave Grohl accidentally pledges his soul to Freddie Mercury and the only way to get it back is an impromptu rock-off. Who wins Dave's soul?
Who would win in a fight, Megaman or Sonic?
What if Rhaegar fought Ned instead of Robert at the Trident?
In a 4-way war between France, Germany, Spain and Poland, which 1 country would win or lose the least?
How old would a True Blood vampire have to be before they can beat a Twilight vampire?
Who would win, Manny Pacquiao vs You with a weapon?
Is WW3 likely to happen this year? I’m scared.
The MCU Hero actors vs the MCU villain actors: Who would be the winner?
How and why will Modi win the 2019 elections?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Sentry?
Who would win in a fight, Kodiak bear or African lion?
Ike is tasked with Order 66
Who would win, in a fight between SCP-682 And Crawler ?
Who would win, MCU’s Thanos or Grand Priest?
Who would win, Doomsday vs Kratos?
Who'd win, A military airstrike vs. Three grizzly bears?
Who would win in a fight: Darth Maul and Darth Nihilus vs. Mace Windu and Qui-Gon Jinn?
Who would win in a fight, Bulma or Super Girl?
Who is likely to win the 2017 F1 race?
Who would win, 1 Hunter or Spartan II?
Who would win, Goku SSJ vs Savage Hulk from comics?
In a cage match between Navaster Twistree, J.R. "Bob" Dodds, and Malacalypse The Younger, who would win?
Which would win, Starkiller Base versus the Borg?
Can Dr. Strange defeat any and all of the members of the Avengers and the X-Men?
Pennywise the Clown Vs Composite Syfy Crocodile/Alligator
If I were to run past a cop racing my brother and say "I win" and my brother hands me money and the cop sees it, is that against the law? Or basically is betting money over a friendly challenge technically legal?
Every superhero/villain name is now literal. Who is the strongest comic book character now?
Who's the strongest character that the genetically modified super deer could beat?
Who is the strongest person Gilderoy Lockhart could beat.
Congratulations you are now the president of the united states. How do you turn the nation into a dictatorship?
Who would win, Spider-Man, Sandman, Both Green Goblins, Doctor octopus, and Venom vs The Avengers?
Hank Hill and Spongebob have lantern rings powered by their love for propane and frycooking. Which one wins in a fight?
Versus: Who would win between Daredevil and Punisher?
What if the United States military had to fight aliens do you think we would win or no alien technology is advanced and strong?
Raiden vs. The Sinister Six: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between King Arthur and Beowulf?
Korra VS Tai Lung: Who would be the winner?
What parts of Wales in the UK will be hit by nukes if WW3 happens?
FOX develops a police procedural based on the Cthulhu Mythos.
Black Bolt is given Lewis Black's brain. He's mad. Who can stop Lewis Black Bolt?
Battle of National Personifications
Who would win in a fight between the Ideon and a Celestial from Marvel?
Who would win in a race up 100 steps, an expert at climbing 2 steps at a time, or an expert of climbing a step at a time?
Who would win, Gwenpool vs Deadpool?
Who would win, HeatBlast or SpiderMonkey?
Who would win in a fight between Khal Drogo and Tormund Giantsbane? Each gets 1 weapon and the battlefield is a neutral climate like the Riverlands.
Magneto is sunbathing at the beach when Sandman emerges! Who would win?
Who would win in a war between Germany and Japan, supposing they somehow convinced other countries to let them proceed?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight between Syrio Forel and Eddard Stark?
Who will win if we make a race for the light and the dark?
Who will win in a war between the Fallout series' pre-war US Armed Forces and Harry Turtledove's alien race?
Who would win, Vanu Sovereignty vs Star Wars 501st legion?
Who would win in a fight between Bruce Lee and Tony Jaa?
Who would win in a fight, Whis or Mr. Mxylplyx?
Who would win, Brain Drain VS Tony Stark/Iron Man?
What is the weakest faction/character that can defeat a Colossus Earth ?
Who would win, Merida vs. Meridia?
Who would win, Human sized mantis Vs. SSJ4 ant?
At a banquet in the Marvel universe, someone spills wine on the President's suit, who among them is able to clean it the fastest?
Who would win in a fight between MCU’s Dr. Strange and Wanda Maximoff?
What is this on going fight between Sunni and Shia Muslims?
How could Sasuke win against the same Thanos that the Avengers and Star Lord fought against? Why?
You and Mr.T Team up to fight 5 hyenas. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Luigi or Batman?
Who would win this duel: Doctor Octopus with pool noodle arms vs Spiderman with silly string shooters?
Is there a fight between Lord Shiva and Lord Vishnu?
Who would win this war: Daredevil vs David, the rogue Animorph?
Is there any human alive who could beat a gorilla in these conditions?
Who would win, Shenron vs Marron, Android 18, and Krillin?
Who would win a death battle between Six Paths Madara and Obito and the Incredible Hulk?
Can Kratos kill the gods of WH40K?
Who would win, Black Widow Casual vs Falcon?
Who would win a war between Belarus and Ukraine?
What happens when Juggernaut runs into The Blob?
Bull vs Tiger: Who would claim victory?
Regarding the recent border crisis between India and China, will they go to war? What is the chance that China will win India's ground force?
Who would win in a war between US and NATO against India and Russia?
Who would be the champion out of 1 billion Super Mutants vs the modern U.S military, and why?
Who would win this war: Geralt of Rivia vs Bigby Wolf?
Who would win this brawl: A new family moves into Arlen, Texas : The Taylors . An unspecified event causes Tim Taylor and Hank Hill to become neighborhood rivals, who engage in an ultimate home improvement battle to improve their own houses to be the best house in the area. Who succeeds?
Who would come out on top out of Haffthor bjornnson vs Brain shaw, and why?
Featured Team: The League of Losers!
Who would win this match: Donkey Kong vs Gorilla Grodd?
Pit bull v kangaroo.
Who would win, Wally West "time traveler" or Sentry "the Void"?
Impressed by their "kill all humans" mentality, Skynet sends a bunch of Futurama bending units back in time to kill John Connor. What is the minimum amount of Benders required to take him down?
USAF Thunderbirds vs USN Blue Angels in a dogfight: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a war between Russia and Uruguay?
Who should win the science awards for Cryo-EM?
Who would win in a fight, Kratos or Goku?
Toonforce vs Serious: Who would be the champion?
If there was a world war between Nazi Gemany, WWII Japan, Khmer Rouge, North Korea, ISIS, etc., who whould win?
Solomon Grundy vs the Ever-Lovin' Blue-Eyed THING: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Wonder Woman vs Vergil?
Who would win out of 1,000,000 bucks vs 1,000,000 bucks, and why?
Tiger Vs Lion: Who would win?
Who would win, The Hand vs The League of Shadows?
Who'd win, Malachite vs Deep Sea King?
How do I take a hit to the face in a fight?
Who would win a war between the Borg and the Covenant Empire from Halo?
Who would win in a war between Czech Republic and Slovakia?
Who would win a fight between Katy Perry and Taylor Swift?
Who would win this brawl: General Tso VS Colonel Sanders?
Can we consider the conflicts in the Congo Basin World War III?
Who'd win, Master Chief VS Doom 2016?
What would happen if North Korea managed to smuggle nuclear weapons into the US mainland, and obliterate central Washington D.C., and the Pentagon?
Who would win a battle between the USA, China, Russia, a bag of doritos and a spoiled oreo?
Who'd win, Superman vs Goku. BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE?
Who would win in a fight between UNSC Spartans and the Mobil Infantry ?
- You with sharingans/custom mangekyo sharingan vs an Uchiha Gauntlet
Who would win in a fight between the Crazy 88's and the Axe Gang?
Who will win in a fight between Captain Marvel and Juggernaut?
Who wins in a fight between The Joker and The Punisher?
Who would win in a battle between Apocalypse, Thanos, and Darkseid
Which car would win a road race over 1000 miles including fuel or recharge stops? A Ferrari 488, a Tesla S or a BMW 530 diesel?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Emma Frost?
Who do you think will win a fight/war between Baahubali and his son?
Like Cage vs Ben Grimm vs Rhino
If a war broke out between the USA, and Russia, which side would Egypt be on?
Which martial art wins the most fights in the UFC?
If a pistol shrimp and a mantis shrimp were pitted against each other in a fight, who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Composite Cloud Strife vs Composite Lightning?
Tahu, Toa of Fire v. Spider-man
All Komodo Dragons left in the world spawn in the United States and grow to 400 ft tall. They can also breath fire. Can we win?
You with powers VS the 12 labors of Hercules. Who would win?
Who'd win, Black Lightning vs Black Lightning without powers?
Who would claim victory out of Thor and Hela vs Superman and Wonder Woman, and why?
Who would win in a war between the nerds and the jocks in your high school?
Bear Grylls lands on Isla Nubar just as all of the dinosaurs gets set free. He is alone on the island with no aid excepet what was left behind from previous visitors. How long can he survive?
Who would come out on top out of Crows vs Jackdaws, and why?
What animal would win a hundred mile race?
What would be the outcome if the entire WWII Axis alliance invaded MLP: FiM's equestria?
Who'd win, Spider-Family vs Bat-Family. Charity Edition?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Ghost Rider or Wolverine?
Who'd win, Brock Lesnar vs Ostrich?
How many donkeys would it take to take down a hippo on land?
Should I text my boyfriend after a fight?
Wolverine vs Wonder Woman: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a fight between a giant crab and a polar bear?
Who would claim victory out of Goku vs Every MCU Hero, and why?
Who is the toughest Pokémon you could take in a fight?
Brad Armstrong vs Aragorn: Who would be the winner?
If George W. Bush and Barack Obama got in a fight, who would win?
How many wolves would it take to kill an adult elephant?
If there was a battle for humanity between “empaths” and “narcissists”, who should win, and who would win?
If there is a war between Vatican City and Russia, who would win?
GOP Presidential Nomination Race : How did Mitt Romney win the most delegates in Mississippi even though he came in third place in the number of votes?
Who would win, Vegito Blue vs Vegito Blue?
On December 9th, 2016, you are awoken by a team of US Secret Service operatives who storm into and clear your home. They are followed by a government official who explains that, puzzlingly, you have won the election: You are now President of the US. What next?
If present day Eritrea fought against the entire world from 1,000 years ago in a war, who would win?
What would be the cause of a World War III which would take place in future?
How many humans to kill a hippo?
What do soldiers think about the prospect of an America-Iran war?
You with a chainsaw versus a Tiger Who would win?
Who'd win, 1,000 Horse-Sized Fire Ants vs Phoenix, Arizona?
How many people could die in World War 3?
Who would win, Hannibal Lecter or The Strangers?
Who is the most powerful character that would lose a character-defining battle just because they are suddenly in a party with Leeroy Jenkins several minutes before it?
Who is the weakest character that can defeat a horse sized ant?
Who would win out of Les Grossman Vs. Superman, and why?
Who'd win, Sean Bean is now immune to everything that has ever killed him, and has all the powers anyone he's ever played has. Who is the strongest character he can defeat?
How Silverback Gorillas would it take to kill Superman?
Let’s assume that by 1875 Bismarck had orchestrated the division of the Austrian Empire between Germany, Italy, a new Hungarian Kingdom, Serbia, and Russia, then would a world war have been averted for at least the next half century? If not, why?
What damages would happen to the Earth after World War III?
Who'd win, Film directors now gain the power of their movie trademarks or motifs. Is there any director who can beat Michael Bay?
Who would win, Killer Croc vs Great White Shark?
Who would win out of Rational Man in the city vs tiger - no guns & no knives, and why?
Falcon punch vs Superman’s groin: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight of Slade from Teen Titans versus Deathstroke from the comics or Deadpool?
A match for the Midgard Serpent?
Who would win, Plot, Plot Armor and Author Intentions and why they should not be considered?
Who would win in a tradewar between China and US?
Who'd win, Gogeta VS Superman?
Who would win a war between UK and Kenya?
Could 4 Kodiak bears take down a T-Rex?
Who’d win in a fight between Bigfoot and a Tyrannosaurus rex?
Who would win this fight: Asterix and Obelix vs Punch Out Wii boxers?
If the English channel had frozen during WW2, could Germany have successfully invaded Britain?
Who would win in a fight Musashi or Aragorn?
Who would claim victory out of Nine Dragons of Skyrim VS The Nine Nazgûl on Fellbeasts, and why?
Who would win, Kakashi vs. Batman?
Who would win in a fight between Joey Tribbiani and Thanos?
Contessa Vs. Batman in trying to convince WWW that the other would win in a fight
Who would have the edge out of Charles Nelson Reilly vs. George Washington, and why?
Who would win, Hush vs Poison Ivy?
Who would win in a fight? John Reese vs. Michael Weston vs. Sam Fisher . Explain why in as much details as possible.
My friend and I have been arguing this for a month now. So I need outside opinions. Gorilla vs. Polar Bear?
Who would have the edge out of Kenpachi vs Naruto, and why?
Who'd win, Mike Tyson vs. Wildcat?
Who'd win, Johan Liebert VS Shogo Makishima?
How much country support would India and China win in a war?
Masahiro Sakurai Vs Jeff Kaplan: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight, Gon or Midoriya?
Who would win in a battle between Doctor Doom and Rick Sanchez?
Who would win a fight between a gorilla and a hyena?
Can The Joker take over North Korea?
Who would win in a war between modern-day ISIS and Imperial Japan in WWII?
If Vibranium had existed in reality and was concentrated in only one nation in Africa, would there be any turf war, which is consequently followed by World War 3? Why, or why not?
A Grizzly Bear Vs. A Grown Male Lion: Who would win?
Kung Fu Panda vs Blob: Who would be the champion?
Infinity Gauntlet Animal Free for All
Who would win, 10,000 Spartans or 200,000 Dothraki?
What is the strongest opponent of similar scale that the Indominus Rex could defeat?
Create your own super animal hybrid. Who is the strongest person your creature can beat?
How many people with water guns does it take to get a professional waterbender wet?
What are the arguments against enforcing One Rank One Pension in the Indian Defence?
Who would win, Buu Broly vs Karoly?
Deku Vs. K. O: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Sentry and Magneto vs, Superman, the Hulk, and Doctor Doom?
Who would win in a fight between Lord Voldemort and Smaug?
Who would win in a fight, Aku or Trigon?
Just before the race, I asked him whom he thought was going to win. What is the error in it?
Who would win, DCEU Steppenwolf vs The MCU Civil War Heroes?
In India, is there any safe place when the 3rd World War will happen?
Wally West vs GoD Toppo
You can instantly conjure, in your own hands or at your feet, anything you could buy online for less than 20 bucks. Who's the strongest character you could beat? Who would win?
You Get 1 Random New Super Power after every fight, how far do you make it down this ladder? Who would win?
A DANCE WITH DRAGONS | Multiversal All-Star Draconic Brouhaha
Could you survive a hunger games against your neighbors?
Water vs Kryptonite at killing Luffy, Superman: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, Overgirl vs Jetstream Sam?
What is the best or smartest way to win in a robot fight?
Who would win in a fight, Cyborg or Juggernaut?
in you favorite fiction verse what are better? smart and skilled or brutal power?
Who would win, SS3 TB Bardock or SS Rosé TB Bardock?
Who would win, an entire roman legion equipped with siege machines or a 10 man seal team held up in Helm's deep? Ask me for more details.
Who would win, Cosmic Armor Superman vs Darkseid?
Who gonna win if war between Iran and Israel breaks out?
How are the World Wars taught in your country?
How has mortality rate per battle changed throughout history, i.e., how has the number of casualties per battle as a function of total combatants in each changed over the course of history?
If Michelangelo the turtle and Bruce Lee fought each other, who would win? Also, who is the better nunchaku master?
Who would win out of Ants vs Spiders, and why?
Who's the weakest that can beat Beorn from The Hobbit?
Who would win in a war between France and Poland, supposing all other nations remained neutral and did not interfere?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in all all-out conventional war between Luxembourg and Andorra?
Who would win, SSJ2 Trunks vs SSJ3 Goku?
Who would win in a battle between the Roman Empire vs the Han Chinese?
Who's winning the Presidential race right now?
Two Finns battle against each other with wooden swords for each of them, who would win?
All insects gain human level intelligence, a telepathic hivemind, and one goal: kill all humans.
Who'd win, Vegeta vs Midora?
Who'd win, Hisoka Vs. Lucca?
Who would win in a fight, Acnologia or Luffy?
Who would win, Juggernaut with Cytorak Gem vs Red Hulk?
Leslie Knope vs Amy Santiago in impressing Michelle Obama: Who would come out on top?
How many Clones from Star Wars would you need to conquer every country on Earth working together ?
Who would win in a fight: Bumblebee or Schwarzenegger's Terminator?
r/whowouldwin presents r/WWW Backlash
Which tank would win between the M18 Hellcat, a King Tiger and a Panther II?
Who is going to win a battle between Apocalypse and Dr. Manhattan to the death?
Can JL Superman still solo The Avengers after Infinity War?
Ignoring any form of intervention from a third country, who will win in a war between Israel and the UAE?
Who would win in a battle between Mister Miracle and Larfleeze?
Who would win in a war, the United States or the rest of NATO?
An incredibly klutzy dinosaur is trying to live an average life in your neighbourhood, but somehow gently screws everything up. Who is the strongest hero that Tryannasourus Rekt could inadvertently kill through sheer ditziness?
What tactical feat has Itachi actually shown in a fight?
Who'd win, Dinosaurs vs Titans?
Who would win this war: Black Panther vs. Batman?
What's the strongest character that can be defeated by SCP-3042?
Who would win, Bigby Wolf vs Geralt of Rivia?
Who would win in a fight, Black Panther vs Spyro?
Who would win, Mr. Pickles vs. The Furious Five?
Special ed Joker tries to take over Gotham...uh, what exactly happens?
Who would win out of Average human vs average dairy cow, and why?
Who would win out of T-800 vs. Adam Jensen, and why?
Who would win out of Persia's Assassins vs India's Thugs, and why?
Can your favourite character get through this vampire themed gauntlet?
Who'd win, High-Street Level Tourney: Final Round: Spider-Man vs Venom?
Who would be victorious out of The Daedric Princes vs The Chaos Gods, and why?
If the Revolutionary War was fought with automatic weapons and explosives, but the tactics stood the same, like line firing, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Weaboo Jones and Sasuke?
What if there was a fight between Mughal and Mauryan Empire, who would win?
Who'd win, 100 Navy SEAL's equipped with GDI GD-10 multirole guns vs 3 waves of 750 Imperial Stormtroopers?
Who would win between WW1 Italy and WW2 Italy?
Can Anthony Weiner really win the 2013 New York City mayoral race?
Who would win this combat: Mastered UI Goku vs. Mastered UI Goku?
Gorilla vs. Kangaroo - Who wins and why?
Who would win this battle: The Bat Family vs. The Spider-Men?
Does the no-win, no-fee rule hold true for legal cases fought in India?
In a hypothetical setting, who would win in a fight Captain America or Nick Fury?
How would a battle between all the Dothraki that Daenerys brought with her, and the full army of knights of the Vale play out? Who would win? How would the battle look? Who would win the first clash/charge?
Who would win this war: Gather your party and Venture forth?
Is Dale Earnhardt Jr. unhappy because he didn't win any races last year?
How many xenomorphs could Clifford take out?
SPACE BATTLE ROYALE: TOS vs TNG vs BSG vs Firefly vs SG-1 vs Farscape vs Culture vs WWW faves: Who would be the winner?
Would a liger beat a tiger and lion in fight at separate times?
King Vs. Monaka
What would be the worst and best countries to be in if World War III initiated?
Featured Character: Tohru
Who would win in a fight, Asami Sato or Ty Lee?
A Bunch of Angry Crusader Stereotypes run a gauntlet.
Who would be the winner out of The Straw Hat Pirates are assigned to take out the king Chimera Ant Meruem and his Royal Guard from Hunter x Hunter. Can they win, and why?
Who would win in a fight: a penguin or an eagle?
Who would be victorious out of Mario with unlimited power stars vs hulk and superman, and why?
If a war broke out between China and the USA, how many months will it take for the Americans to surrender?
Who would win this brawl: Jesus vs. Gandalf?
Who'd win, Shadow the Hedgehog vs. Kirby?
Geralt of Rivia vs classic movie/book monsters: Who would win?
Has there ever been any direct combat between the KGB and CIA agents?
Who would win this combat: Floyd Mayweather vs Kratos in a boxing match?
If the USA had the same population as Russia, 144 million, would it still be a global power? Who would win in a war between them?
How Many Super-Pigs would it take to kill a T-Rex?
Who'd win, Oozaru/Giant Ape Vegeta vs. Kurama/The Nine Tailed Fox?
Shoto Todoroki Vs Mikoto Misaka: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, The Incredible Hulk vs. DBZ SS Broly?
If WW3 ever starts, is India going to be an ally of the US or Russia?
Who would win in a fight, Beerus or Saitama?
Who would win out of 10,000 Bloodlusted Labradoodles vs. 1 T-Rex, and why?
Is there any dragon that could defeat Alduin in a battle?
Can World Breaker Hulk defeat Odin?
Who would win a fight between The Juggernaut And Thanos?
Who would win between a fire dragon and an ice dragon?
Which side would win at war between Suleiman the Magnificent and Timur the Lame?
If a war between Libya and Egypt would breakout, because if the amount of oil in Cyrenaica, who would win and gain land?
Who would win in a war between Sri Lanka and Nepal?
Who would win, Batman vs Green Arrow?
Who would win in a rap battle between Hodor and Groot?
Who'd win, Nox vs The Northern Water Tribe?
Who wins the race, God or money?
You with a melee weapon of your choice vs a T800. How well do you do? Also, how many people would it take to beat a T800 in a melee fight? Who would win?
Who would win: Sentry, Hyperion, Gladiator, Superman, or Martian Manhunter?
Who would win, Halo Team vs. The Avengers?
What does Hillary's win in Nevada mean for the race? Are her chances of winning increasing or decreasing?
Who would win, Mephisto or Mephisto?
Who'd win, Firelord vs the Fire Lord?
If 10 MMA fighters fought 10 Marines in an open field, no weapons, no rules, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Katara or Amon?
You are US President and have to assemble a 5-man team to take out ISIS. Who would win?
Strongest superhuman character Wildcat could beat in a 15 round boxing match?
What country was the worst ally in any war?
Your Favorite Character becomes a Ghost Rider and runs a Gauntlet
Who would win in a fight between Darth Sidious and MCU Doctor Strange?
Who would win in a battle between Rand al'Thor and the Dragonborn?
If there were a wrestling tournament between Lenin, Trotsky, Stalin, Khrushchev, Brezhnev, Andropov, Chernenko and Gorbachev, who would win?
Who will win a pokemon battle between legendary birds and legendary beasts?
Who would win, tiger sized/weight honey badger vs tiger?
Who wins in a battle between an anteater and a dog?
Who would win a war between India and Maldives?
Who would win, Ozymandias or Deathstroke?
Each of the chaos gods reach out into the multiverse in a search for their ultimate champion. Barring abstract entities, who would be eaches greatest champion?
In WWII, did Soviet generals feel capable of defeating Germany?
Who would win this battle: Nazi Germany at its height vs modern day North Korea?
If there is a World War 3, how do you think it will play out?
Wonder Woman vs The Bride: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight, Iron Man or Starscream?
Who would win, 100 sparrows or 1 eagle?
Who would win, Sweet Tooth vs The Joker?
Is it possible to stay completely calm in a fight?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Captain America?
Who would win in a fight, Goku and Vegeta or Thor and Hulk?
In 1940, the French and British were surprised by the German tanks coming through the Ardennes. Why was the forest not impassible as they had thought?
Who would win in a fight between Peter Parker and Miles Morales?
Who would win in a fight between Omni King and The Beyonder?
Who would win this fight: A bear vs a forklift?
You with the powers of your favourite character vs Your most hated verse. Who would win?
Who'd win, Blake Belladona vs Black Cat?
Galactus eating the Milky Way vs. Ant Man eating a Milky Way: Who would be the victor?
What if all the Caribbean Islands banded together and launched an all out invasion of mainland America?
Who would win a war between Peru, Bolivia, Chile and Argentina?
Who would win this combat: Ike vs Siegfried?
Who would win, The Fellowship of the Ring vs. The Indominus Rex?
Who would win, Warhammer 40k or RWBY?
Strongest person Yamcha could beat assuming NO POWER SCALING
Who would win in a battle between Duryodhana and Indrajith?
Two character in a fight.
The Brotherhood of Evil Mutants vs The Legion of Doom: Who would have the edge?
Who would win if the cast of the characters in the 74th Hunger Games fought, hunger games style?
Who will win the battle between Captain Marvel and Thanos?
How powerful would Germany have been today, if it had not suffered the losses of the first two world wars?
Crash VS Spyro: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Can the USA win a non-nuclear war with North Korea in a matter of months and destroy their nuclear capacity?
Who'd win, Ghost rider VS The Darkness VS Spawn VS Alucard VS Dante?
Who would win, indominus rex and 10 jp raptor vs king kong?
Is now the time to start worrying about a potential World War 3?
Who would win, Samurai Jack vs. Bruce lee?
Who would have the edge out of Lucifer vs Lucifer vs Lucifer vs The Robot Devil, and why?
Each member of the Justice League forms their own factions and are forced to fight each other. Who wins?
Who would win in a fight between Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko?
Who would win this brawl: Kratos vs. Master Chief?
In case of war breaking out between North Korea and the US, who would win?
Who would win this match: Donald Trump trained by Ronda Rousey vs Barack Obama trained by Holly Holm?
How many five year olds can you take in a death battle?
Who would win, Superhero wife/gf swap. Who would do the best and worst?
Who would win this combat: Joe Yabuki vs Season 1 Buffy Summers in a boxing match?
Usopp and Chopper and Nico vs Wonder Woman: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a battle between 10 humans and 15 chimpanzees?
Who would win this battle: The toughest challenge in your life vs. Thor, God of Thunder?
Who would win this match: House cats Vs King crab?
Who'd win, Armless Tiger Man vs the Wall?
If Michael from Supernatural fought Azazoth who would likely win?
You vs 500 Space Marines Who would win?
Who would win, Natsu Dragneel with Demolition Fist from the Fairy Tail anime vs Esdeath with Mahapadma from the Akame ga Kill! anime?
Could Gov Phil Bresden win the Tennessee Senate race in 2018?
Whose the strongest team of fighters that #1,2,3,4 and 5 from code name kid's next door could beat in a fight?
How does a fight between Crips and Bloods look like?
Who would win, Sam from MGR:R vs Train Heartnet from Black Cat?
Who would win, Batman, Lady Shiva, Nightwing, and Bronze Tiger run a gauntlet?
Who would win in a fight between Vision and Cyborg?
Who would win in a fight between Black Cat and Catwoman?
Who would win, The Wither or Kylo Ren?
The God-Emperor of Mankind sits on His Throne, waiting...
Who would come out on top out of Spongebob squarepants vs the amazing world of gumball, and why?
You vs. A Naruto Shadow Clone Who would win?
Who would win, Ron Swanson VS Bear Grylls In old western to the death?
Who would win, Dante the nephilim vs Kratos the god of war?
Who would win, The NCR from Fallout 2 and NV get weapons from Warhammer 40k. How quickly can they conquer the wasteland?
You are given two weapons of your choosing, and neither will run out of ammo, as well as mid-level combat knowledge and body armour. How far do you get in your favourite universe's plotline? Who would win?
Who would win in a war between Italy and Montenegro without NATO intervention?
You vs a moderately trained baboon at sumo wrestling. Who would win?
Who would win: Broly vs Hulk
Who would win, Gon, Killua, and Hisoka vs Razor?
Who would win this war: Gul'Dan vs Darth Sidious in a force/magic fight?
Grimace vs Barney the Dinosaur: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight between Solid Snake and Naruto Uzumaki
Out of all human history, which real-life person could possibly lift Thor's hammer? How would they use it?
Who is the strongest character a horse-sized ant could defeat?
Who would win, MCU Black Panther vs KKK?
Who would win out of Republic commando vs Master Chief, and why?
Who'd win, 100 Navy seals vs 10 million well rested kindergarteners?
Who would win this combat: Kai vs Guts?
Who would win, Deadpool or regular Hulk fighting only with his dick?
Who'd win, Me vs. Constant Under-employment?
Who would win this war: Star Battle! Stargate vs Star Wars vs Star Trek?
Who would win in a war between Japan and Russia?
Captain America vs Wolverine, no claws no shield. Who would win?
Hypothetical Battles: If every nation in the world allied and attempted to invade and conquer the United States, would they succeed?
Who would win in a one-on-one basketball game, Kobe Bryant or Michael Jordan , and why?
World War II Alternative Scenarios
Who would win this fight: Batman with 2 sharingan vs. Death stroke with a Ultimate Eye?
China runs a historical USA invasion gauntlet...
Who would win, James Bond vs Mike Tyson?
What would be the best way to publically prove you can hit a high win percentage of NFL wins versus the point spread?
Who would be the winner out of Grey Wolf vs. Kangaroo, and why?
If the world war III is happening in 30 days, what would you do right now?
What would the real-world outcome of a superhero battle really be? Would a city be able to come back from destruction on the scale of the Avengers, Batman V, Superman, etc.? Would insurance companies touch it or only FEMA?
Who would win in a death match - Aragorn, Gimli, or Legolas - if the three had to fight until there was one man left standing?
Superman is replaced by the Thor Odinson. Can Lex Luthor defeat the God of Asgard?
The ultimate Fire Emblem Army vs Games of Thrones: Who would be the champion?
You favorite peak human is diagnosed with peak cancer. What's the prognosis? Who would win?
The Undertaker at WrestleMania vs Mike Tyson in his prime: KO-only boxing match: Who would have the best chance of winning?
I just buffed Bernie Sanders. can he win the 2016 presidential election now?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Harry Dresden vs.John Constantine vs. Dr. Strange vs. Victor Von Doom, and why?
Who'd win, The Seven Deadly Sins vs The Hero Association?
Who would win Spock or Batman?
The 44 US Presidents vs 30 Velociraptors: Who would have the edge?
Late Night Brawl
An African Bush Elephant is violently rampaging through your neighborhood. You have to put it down by sending wave after wave of kindergartners to rush it. How many kindergartners does it take?
Your favorite superhero has now switched sides, how screwed is that universe?
Do you think WW3 or world peace will happen first?
British regiments defend themselves from a number of dinosaurs - repost
Harvester aliens from ID4 vs The Borg, who would win a war?
Who'd win, Frozone vs The Black Panther?
What is the strongest universe that the youtube-iverse can defeat
Courage the Cowardly Dog VS Scooby Doo
Who'd win, Olive Garden breadsticks vs. Red Lobster cheesy biscuits?
Who would win in a battle between Superman and the Q?
The entire North Korean Navy vs the entire U.S Navy if they meet in battle in the middle of the Pacific, how long would the battle last, and what would the losses of both sides be?
Who would win a fight between David Spade and Paulie Shore?
MORTAL KOMBAT GAUNTLETTT!
Who would win in a race? Hammy after he drinks coffee , or Fry after he drinks his 100th coffee ?
What would be the disadvantages of a Terminator in relation to a human? Let's take two scenarios, one where the human has the technology, and the other where one human is alone and unarmed with another Terminator on an Isolated Island.
Who would win Thor or Godzillia?
The Lord of the Rings : In a battle between Voldemort and Gandalf, who wins?
Who would win this duel: Apocalypse VS Triumvirate?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand fight between a human and a gibbon?
Who would win, Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark defending Earth Vs Vader and his legions with loads of prep and conditions?
Who is the strongest opponent Claire "Lightning" Farron can beat?
King Shark vs Arlong
The Justice League must train Patrick Star to snatch Darkseid's teddy bear while he's asleep. Could he succeed?
If there was a war between North America, South America, and Europe on one side versus Asia, Africa, and Oceania, who would win?
Who would win, Dhalsim or Son Goku?
Who would win in a fight between Iceman and Firestorm?
Who would win in a fight between Vision and Superman?
Who would win in a fight between Emperor Palpatine and Lord Voldemort? One on One: Palpatine has his lightsaber and Voldemort has his wand. To level the playing field, let's say Voldemort is on his last horcrux.
If you could talk with any person in the MCU for 1 hour, who would it be and why?
Who would win in a fight between Storm Shadow and Deathstroke?
Human sized ants Vs Us: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Orochimaru vs Mitsuki?
In horse racing, what will be the longest official SP price returned for a winning horse at this year's Cheltenham Festival?
Who would win in a battle between the slasher kings vs. the Justice League?
Who would win in a fight between Harry Potter and Luke Skywalker?
Who would win, Kangaroo vs a lion?
What would happen if the Nuclear Club members and other nuclear warhead owners declared an Nuclear Union and start conquering all non-nuclear states? Could the NU occupy the World?
Who would win, Flash or Faora?
Hypothetical Battles: who would win between The Joker and The Mad Hatter?
Who would win in a fight between Deadpool and Deathstroke if they ever crossed paths?
Who would win, True Golden Frieza vs Jiren?
If General Heinz Guderian had planned Operation Barbarossa instead of Hitler, would Germany have captured Moscow and defeated the Soviet Union?
Between the two, would Franky or Sajin Komamura win in a scaled Death Battle?
Who would win in a fight between Green Lantern and Doctor Manhattan?
If Captain Kirk fought Duncan Idaho, who would win?
How could someone use a cloak or cape in a fight? Was it ever done historically?
Who'd win, Elsa versus Iceman?
Who would win, Shikamaru vs Temari?
Who would be victorious out of Doomslayer Vs. Horror Bullshit, and why?
Who is the strongest character a composite Warframe can beat?
Who would win this brawl: Eren Jager vs. Wander?
Who would win this combat: The hulk vs. Water?
Who is winning the GPU race, NVIDIA or AMD?
Who will win the next trade war between US and EU, Japan in June, 2018?
In a war between UK and India, who would win?
Every superhero or villain who's character name ends with -man, -boy, -woman or girl from all fictional universes enter a dance competition against one another. Who wins?
Who would win in a war between powerful sorceresses and evil aliens?
Who would win this battle: The Giant Condor vs. The Giant Octopus?
Who wins in a fight, 1000 completely average men or the 100 strongest men on the planet?
How many humans would it take to beat all the birds on Earth.
Who will win if the war breakouts between PC gamers and Console gamers?
Who would win, Classic Doctor Strange or Superman?
Battle of Edge: Linkin Park vs Three Days Grace vs Breaking Benjamin: Who would be the victor?
I have just been elected the new President of FIFA. My first decree is instead of footballs, teams must now kick the severed heads of their opponents into the goal. Who will win the 2018 FIFA World Cup?
Who would win in a battle between Madara Uchiha and Sosuke Aizen?
Who would win in a fight to the death, a Roman gladiator or Connor McGregor if they both have a sword?
You get the power of the thing that you last saw in a picture,can you beat Mob ? Who would win?
Who wins in a fight, Thor or the Star Wars universe?
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Strange or Dr. Fate?
Giving them both prep time, who would win in a fight, Scrooge McDuck or Batman?
Weakest character who could survive eating a kilogram of Tide pods?
How would an armed conflict play out in the US between the government and its civilians?
What is the strongest creature on Earth which an Alpha Male giant red kangaroo could defeat 7/10 in a fight?
Who would win, Po vs. Michealangelo?
100,000 B2 Battledroids invade America. How long do we hold out?
Who would win, Suggsverse vs. the group from the story "The Finale of the Ultimate Meta Mega Crossover"?
Who would win, DCEU Batman vs MCU Natasha/Black Widow?
If there is another world war, would humanity almost go extinct?
When two lions fight with each other who will win?
Who would win, the Ally/US air power versus Soviet air power immediately after World War 2?
Who would win in a battle between Shivaji and Mahmud of Ghazni?
Horse Racing: Who will win the champion hurdle 2011?
Who would win in a fight, Doctor Strange, Fate, or Raven from Teen Titans?
Who would be the champion out of A cargo ship carrying a pregnant Alien Queen crashes on Pandora, and subsequently infects every type of animal on the planet. Create a team to clear it, and why?
Who would win out of Jared Leto's Joker vs Jack Nicholson's Joker vs Heath Ledger's Joker vs Cesar Romero's Joker vs Mark Hammil's Joker, and why?
While betting on horse races, do White supremacists always bet on the white horses or go for the ones with the best chance to win?
Who would win in a fight, Ichigo, Luffy, Natsu, or Naruto?
Who would win, Raikage vs James Heller?
Who would win in a fight, the berserk version of Saiyan Kale Berserker or Android 17/Lapis?
Who would win, Hit vs Lille With Power Equalized?
In the actual event of an alien invasion, how long would humanity last?
Who would win this match: Dragon ball vs Thor?
You are trapped in a large house with a yandere and a tsundere on opposite sides. You have to join one and kill the other. Which option is best? Who would win?
Who will win in a fight between Doctor Manhattan and Thanos?
Who would win in a battle between Dr. Manhattan and Dr. Strange?
Which of the four Impractical Jokers would win in a fight?
Who would have the edge out of North Korea vs Iran: Arena War, and why?
Who would win between Juggernaut and Spiderman?
Who'd win, Silverback Gorilla with boxing gloves on vs Prime mike Tyson, no biting?
In a Middle Earth battle, who win in a fight between Turin Turambar and Glaurung?
Who'd win, Naruto, Madara and Kaguya vs Ichigo, Aizen and Yhwach vs Natsu, Zeref and Acnologia?
How many Honey Badgers can a Silverback Gorilla fight at once and win?
Black Panther, Spider Man, Black Widow, Captain America, Ant-Man, Bucky vs. GOTG: Who would claim victory?
If both the Pakistan and Chinese Army are given the same weapons, who would win a war between them?
Who would win in a wrestling fight, Connor McGregor or Lionel Messi?
Who would win: Darth Vader or Wolverine?
Who would win a fight between Bruce Lee and Rajinikanth?
In a war between countries, with area above the Arctic Circle against the rest, who would win?
Who would win, Ron Paul and Bernie Sanders put on the Potarra Earrings and fuse into Ronie Saul. Can any politician beat them for the reddit vote?
You have a week to prepare for an inevitable fight to the death with the Hulk. What's your plan?
You with a baseball bat vs 5 one armed women Who would win?
Who would win, Vegito vs Whis?
Who would win this battle: A glass of water is placed in a room with Superman, Batman, Goku, and Spider-man. If you drink it, you die, if there is more than one person in the room and no one drinks within 24 hours of the start/last drink, everyone in the room dies?
Who will win the battle between Karna and DC Comics superhero Green Arrow?
Could Talion Defeat Superman?
Who will win in a war between NATO vs. China and Arab League?
What would happen if Bulgaria had joined the Entente rather than the Central Powers in order to make good on land claims in Turkey?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 12/27/2015
Kion from the Lion Guard vs the Dovahkiin: Who would win?
Who would win between Black Panther and Vision? Would it play out like Batman V Superman?
Who would win in a fight, SSJ Goku or Doflamingo?
Who would win, 2nd Form Frieza vs Gohan?
Who'd win, 5 Full Grown Male Silverback Gorillas VS. 1 Adult Hippo?
Who would win in a fight, Tien or Darth Maul?
Rhino vs Hippo: Who would win?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle, the KKK or the Black Panthers?
Pandas, rhinos, and blue whales have gotten fed up with this world and are now bloodlustedly racing towards extinction: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Solomon Grundy?
Who would win, Darkseid vs. Hellen keller?
The My Hero Academia universe takes on the events of Infinity War.
Who would win in a fight: Judge Dredd or Batman?
Who will win in a battle between the Fantastic Four and U-Foes?
Who would win, Buffy Summers vs Daredevil?
Who would win, The United States Marines vs 10 Trillion Lions?
Who would win, Dino Thunder Power Rangers vs. Spider-Man's New York?
Who would win, Okamaitachi or Iain?
How many Pirates would it take to beat a T-Rex?
Who would claim victory out of The Battle for Nintendo! Hyrule vs Mushroom Kingdom, and why?
Who will win, Dawood Ibrahim versus El Chapo?
How would the geopolitical landscape have changed, then and now, if the U.S. had dropped atomic weapons during the Korean War?
Who would win, King Kai vs Son Gohan?
Who would win this battle: Indominus Rex vs Drogon?
Who would win in this animal kingdom royal rumble fight, a lion, a tiger, a wolverine or a honey badger? Who will be the ultimate winner?
In a battle to the death who would win, Bane or Juggernaut?
Who would win in an imaginary war between Potterverse wizards and today's muggles?
Who would win in a firefight between Simo Hayha and a USMC Scout Sniper Team?
Wii Fit Trainer Vs. Dr. Kawashima: Who would win?
Batman VS The Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea: Who would come out on top?
Lorewise, who would win in a fight, Mew or Mewtwo?
Who'd win, Roman empire at it's height vs modern day Norway?
Who'd win, Harry Griswold vs. Lou Garou?
Who would win a fight between Ultron and the Sentry?
Who'd win, Senna vs Earnhardt?
Who would be the winner out of Donald Trump vs Barack Obama, and why?
Who would win, 5 Lions VS 1 Hippo in water?
Earth is invaded by Touhou's youkai from Gensokyo. Who's the strongest youkai that the MCU Avengers could defeat?
How would a street fight between Sugar Ray Leonard & Chuck Norris play out?
You vs a lion on a deserted island Who would win?
Royce Gracie versus Conor McGregor: who wins?
Ryo vs Piccolo: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a battle of wits between Eurus Holmes and Johan Liebert? And How?
Who would win, Superman or the Joker?
What's the strongest being maximum human man can defeat?
Would I have an advantage if I learned ninjutsu and boxing in a fight for defense?
How hard did Great Britain fight in the American War of Independence? How hard did Great Britain try to retain the colonies in that war?
Can we be proud/ashamed of our characteristics of which we have not played a part? What if those characteristics cause us to win/lose challenges in life?
Who would win this punch-up: Empire Fleet VS UNSC Fleet VS Eve Online Fleet VS Covenant Fleet VS Mass Effect Fleet?
Who'd win, Gilgamesh VS Madara Uchiha VS Aizen Sozuke?
If there was a war between the USSR and Prussia, who would win?
Who'd win, The Glow Cloud vs. Hypnotoad?
Who would win, 20 bottle nose dolphins vs 1 orca whale?
Who would win in a fight, an American Lion or a Ngandong Tiger?
Who would win, Atreus or Ogre?
6 DC villains invade Marvel
Gordan Ramsay, high on PCP, enters the Krusty Krab enraged, demanding Lamb Sauce. Squidward tells him they have none, causing Chef Ramsay to turn Homicidal. The Krusty Krab Krew must defend themselves against this dangerous human.
Who would win in a fight between The Flash and Dr. Manhattan?
Who'd win, Birdemic Birds vs Sharknado Sharks vs Lavalantulas vs Zombeavers?
can Chris Hanson capture a sentient predator drone?
Who would win, Blue Boss or Hit with his true power?
Who'd win, Kylar Stern vs Rand Al'Thor?
Who will win the 5g race, Intel or Qualcomm?
How can I prepare to win a 8 km race that is 3 months away?
Who'd win, Kenshiro vs. Garou?
Sym Bionic Titan vs Alexandrite: Who would be victorious?
Who would win a war between Mumbai and Vatican City, if they were neighbors?
What would a second American civil war look like in modern times, with the right wing fighting the left wing?
Who would win, Flash & Superman vs. Batman & Dr. Doom vs. Magneto & God Emperor of Mankind at Beyblades?
Wonder Woman and Superman switch rogue galleries: Who would win?
Which wild animals can a human being defeat in a fight with bare hands?
Who would win, Natsu Dragneel from Fairy Tail anime vs Esdeath from Akame Ga Kill! anime?
Who would have the edge out of Ramuh vs. Ganishka, and why?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between Pikachu and Jon Snow?
Who would win in a fight, Hashirama or Korra?
Who'd win, Order of the White Lotus vs North Korea?
Who'd win, Pinky and the Brain team up with Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz. Can they accomplish together what they couldn't alone?
How would a Black Mamba and a King Cobra fair in a fight against each other?
Who would win in a fight, Zen-Oh or Galactus?
Who would win a fight, a blue whale or a Orca or Killer Whale?
In a hypothetical fight between a Theravada monk, a Mahayana monk, a Vajrayana monk, and a Zen monk who would win?
If there were a war between the United States of America and Luxembourg, who would win?
Who is the weakest character that could win the Battle of Wolf 359
Who would win, Darth Maul vs. Batman?
Who will win in a fight between Anton Chigurh and Dr. Hannibal Lecter?
The battle of Agincourt with the French replaced by dinosaurs
Who would win in a fight, Eleven from Stranger Things or Hulk from the Avengers?
Who would win this battle: Top 10 beings of the DC Universe vs. The top ten beings of the Marvel Universe?
Who would win, Thor vs. Thor?
Who would win, Falcon or Crossbons?
How do you let the berseker free in a fight?
If a Lion Fish and a Tiger Muskie got in a fight, who would win?
Who is the weakest person who could defeat the love child of Wonder Woman and Thor in 1v1 combat.
Who would win in a fight between a Troll and a Rancor?
Who would win out of A cube of Gorilla Glass containing food vs a starving silver back gorilla, and why?
Who would win in a bare-knuckle brawl: Punished Venom Snake vs. Winter Soldier?
Who would win a war between the countries to the east of GMT and the countries to the west of GMT?
What do you think are the members of WW3 going to be?
The "average" citizen
Who's the strongest character that couldn't climb Mount Everest?
Who would win out of 3 African Rhinos vs A Triceratops, and why?
What's the weakest character that could defeat Yukari Yakumo ?
Who would win, Captain Kirk vs. Han Solo?
Who would win this duel: Human race vs animals?
Which parts of the body are the most vulnerable in a fight?
Hypothetical cage fight with 4 men: If you put John Rambo, Jack Bauer, John Matrix and Casey Ryback in a cage: Who would win and why?
All 9 mercs from TF2 vs. Ezio
The European Union is suddenly dissolved and each ex-member is at war with all the others. Who would win?
What would have happened to the Wizarding World if Grindelwald defeated Dumbledore in the Global Wizarding War? Was Voldemort inspired from Gellert to be the Dark Lord? Who would win if there was a duel between Voldemort and Grindelwald?
Thor has been sentenced to death, how long does he survive these forms of execution?
What MCU movie, if any, would Deadpool actually be helpful in?
Who would win, Goku vs Captain Mar-Vell?
Martial Arts: What is the fastest way to end a fight?
You are up against a grizzlie bear and all you have is a 4 foot spear. What is the weakest mammal companion do you need to help you defeat the bear? Who would win?
What if the Perry expedition led to a war in 1853? What would a war look like between the United States and Japan look like in the 1850s?
Who would win in a war between the Confederates and Mexico if it had broken away peacefully just before the Secession War started in our timeline?
Who would win in a proxy war between the US and China over Taiwan?
Black Adam vs Black Bolt vs Black Canary vs Black Manta vs Black Panther vs Black Hand vs Black Widow vs Black Dynamite vs Black Cat: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the winner out of Kimihito Kurusu VS Yuuma Asahikawa, and why?
What is the longest never ending cultural automatism fight between two nations?
What present-day animal would have a chance at killing a T. rex?
Who would win in a freestyle battle between Pitbull and DMX?
How can I get help to win souls for Christ?
Who will win in a battle between Quicksilver and The Flash?
Is it possible for humans to fight a lion and win?
What are the best places to hide in India if WW3 breaks out?
Best Of 2016 Nominations Thread
Who would win in a fight between Juggernaut and Colossus?
Naruto verse vs Ben 10 verse: Who would have the edge?
All the ants on Earth vs all the humans
If Floyd Mayweather and Bruce Lee got in a street fight, who would win?
What if Mexico currently went to war with the US?
Who would win, Doom Guy or Blazkowicz?
Who would win, 5 large male kangaroos vs 1 adult gorilla?
Superman Prime vs. Rune King Thor vs. Spawn vs Ssj4 Gogeta vs. WWHulk w/red lantern ring: Who would claim victory?
Who would win between between Batman and Jon Jones under MMA rules?
Who'd win in a war between every nation in Africa vs. every nation in South America?
Who would win this match: Jesus Christ vs. Aslan?
If all the Overwatch characters were in a fist fight, who would win?
Who'd win, Suicide Squad vs. Red Hood and the Outlaws?
What will happen if a war breaks out between Indonesia and Myanmar right now?
Who would claim victory out of Bigby Wolf vs Edward Cullen, and why?
Katakuri vs Donquixote Doflamingo: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight between Gandalf and Palpatine?
Hypothetical battle: who would win a fight between Elsa and Sub Zero?
Who would win out of The Zerg vs. The Buggers, and why?
Street Sharks vs Thunder Cats: Who would be the victor?
Ant Man runs a gaunltet
In a fight between RSS and ISIS, who will win .?
If Jack Nicholson's Joker fought Health Ledger's Joker, who would win?
Could Cosmic Armor Superman defeat Lucifer Morningstar and Michael Demiurgos?
If Colombian paramilitaries fought ISIS, who would win?
Assuming they have similar age and technology, who will win in an actual battle between Hitler and Justin Bieber?
Which one wins, a 1,500kg hippo versus a 1,500kg rhino in a fight on a river bank?
Who would win in a fight between Worldbreaker Hulk and Maestro Hulk?
In a fight between Purri purri Prisoner and Mr. Fixit...
What if John Bell Hood was successful in the Franklin-Nashville Campaign? Would implications would this have?
Reddit: help me decide a long term argument that has my friend group at arms: Who would win: the entire Harry Potter universe VS. the Galactic Empire at its height.
Who would win, Majin Buu vs Frieza?
Who would win, The Akatsuki vs The Straw Hat Pirates PainKonan LuffyNamiChopper?
If World War 3 happens in the coming days, then with which country will India fight, America or Russia?
Who would win out of 120 F-22 Raptors vs 20 Federation Attack Fighters, and why?
An ordinary man with a one-dimensional sword VS An elephant with tusks made of fire.
Who is the strongest live-action character that MCU Thanos can beat in melee combat without getting up from his chair?
Who is faster, Hyper Puffball or Phinks?
Who would win, Abeloth vs Palpatine?
Kenshi's blade now functions as though it were of lightsaber-proof material. Who is the weakest Jedi Master he can defeat in single combat?
Who would win in a war between Russia and China without any allies?
Who would win in a battle between a dire wolf and a cave hyena?
Who would win in a war between the USA, Russia, and China vs. the rest of the world?
Considering all the allies would also join war in their respective side, can the Sino-Russia alliance take down USA in WW3?
How many house cats working together would it take to kill one gorilla?
Who would win, A Tyrannosaurus rex vs. 1 billion billy goats?
Heisenberg with 1 day prep vs. Batman with no prep: Who would be the champion?
The Great Gym Badge Challenge
The dinosaurs of Warpath: Jurassic Park are reduced to their real life counterparts, who would win?
Who would win, The strongest Justice League member vs the strongest Avenger?
In a theoretical war between the Chengguan and the Dancing Aunties, who would win?
Has there ever been a fight between two girls/women to keep you as their boyfriend?
Who would win, Vegeta "Prince of all Saiyans" vs Thor "Rune King"?
What are some great stories behind some big fights between legendary cricketers?
Who would win, Spider-Man or Venom and Carnage?
Who would win, Aquaman or Botamo?
Who would win in a fight, Classic Doctor Strange or Gandalf the White?
Who would win this fight: Master chief vs captain America?
Who would win, Reptile vs Raptor?
Who would win, Dawnstar, Karate Kid and Justice League vs Time Trapper?
Who'd win, Scorpion and Ghost Rider Vs Team Naruto?
Who'd win, Silverback Gorilla vs. Male Sophomore in College Wrestling Champion?
Titans vs. Terraformars: Who would be the victor?
United States 2nd civil war
What is the strongest/largest Predator in the Ocean that a lion sized Mantis Shrimp could defeat?
Who would win in a fight between Neo and Spawn?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Franklin Richards?
Dante and Kratos Vs 100 Dinosaurs: Who would claim victory?
What happened in the fight between Vegeta vs Majin Buu?
Who would win the war between Iran and Bahrain-UAE-Kuwait-Qatar coalition?
So the skinny guy, fat guy or a big buff guy are lost alone in the wilderness. Who will survive the longest time?
Who'd win, Grizzly bear vs. Silverback gorilla?
Will I have to move to another country due to World War III?
Who would win, Goku vs. Joseph Joestar . Who is a better combat pragmatist?
Diddy Kong v.s Infernape
Who would win, Sentry or Sentry?
fully grow t-rex vs 50 unarmed average human?
Could any vampire/s beat Alucard ?
Deathrace 2014: Mach 5 , KITT , Lightning McQueen , Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, Herbie the Love Bug
Who would claim victory out of A fully manned, fully stocked Nimitz-class aircraft carrier vs an intelligent whale hivemind, and why?
Can video games make a Mallard Duck on the same level as Superbear Prime 1M, Ultra Doomlion Supreme, Gorilla Ex Machina, The Tigatar Legion and The Chosen Ostrich?
How Many African Elephants Would It Take To Beat a T-Rex?
What will happen if there is a war between humans and machines? Who will win?
Who'd win, The Freeza Force vs Thanos on Xandar?
How many Super Saiyan 3 Gokus does it take to defeat Super Saiyan God Goku?
Who would win, Obama VS George W. Bush in a nude boxing match?
Who'd win, 1000 US marines vs a stick?
Who would win in a fight between Carnage and Batman?
Who would win this fight: The 56,000-strong british redcoat army of the American Revolutionary War vs. 158,000 Japanese Soldiers from the 1st invasion of Korea 1592?
If every Marvel hero went up against every DC superhero, which side would end up winning and why?
Who would win, Original Super Saiyan God vs MSSJ Goku Ascending into the God Realm?
If every single iteration of Batman fought in a battle royale, and fought against the winner of the Superman battle royale, who would win?
Who would win, Cable vs. Bucky Barnes?
Who would win, Ben 10 vs Batman?
What tactics/strategies allow the Israeli military to remain comparable to that of its neighbors?
Featuring the Execution Force
Who would win this fight: Marvel writers vs DC writers at creating the most offensive superhero ever?
You vs 1000 bloodlusted cats Who would win?
Who would probably win when a great white shark comes face to face with a saltwater crocodile?
Could Inspector Gadget's gear and dumb luck help him do Batman's job for a week?
Who would win in a fight between an X-wing fighter and a standard Federation shuttlecraft?
Who'd win, Punisher vs Bullseye in hand to hand combat?
Who would win, Reaper or Kylo Ren?
Who would be the winner out of Voldemort on a dragon vs the Slave I, and why?
How can I get on with my life when WW3 is imminent?
Action Movies: Who would win in a battle between John Rambo & John Matrix without guns?
You vs. an adult bull elephant Who would win?
Who'd win, Steve Rogers vs His weight in honey Badgers?
What is the most useless weapon that could be used in WW3?
Who would win, 1,000,000 Silverback gorillas versus the earth?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Nappa?
What actual Dinosaurs could Yoshi beat in a fight?
Who would win, Saitama vs Popeye?
How many house cats would it take to defeat a Velociraptor?
Who do you have in a fight, Midnighter or Deathstroke?
IJN Yamato is beached by an endless wave of Tiger IIs. How many Tigers would it take to eventually destroy Yamato?
Who would win, Dr. Hartman vs Dr. Nick vs Dr. Zoidberg. Who would accumulate the most malpractice suits?
Who'd win, A Knight vs an African Bull Elephant?
What is the winning percentage by pole position in Formula 1 racing?
What if Satan went to war against Khorne, and then all of the Chaos Gods?
How powerful would Aquaman become if he gained controll of oxygen and hydrogen instead of water?
Who would win, John 117 or 1 drone?
Carnage Vs General Kai: Who would be the victor?
Batman with prep vs Aquaman: Who would be the winner?
Does the ending to Captain America: Civil War prove who will win in a fight between Captain America and Iron Man?
Strongest animal when they're all scaled to human size
Who'd win, Savage Shadows ISU vs The Uncanny X-Force?
Who would be the champion out of Wonder Woman Vs Goku, and why?
The events of the MCU except Thor is replaced by Kratos.
Who'd win, Hannibal and his war elephants lay siege to the city of Burlington Vermont?
Who would win a war between The UK and Turkey?
5 humans with baseball bats vs 1 African elephant: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Air, Lightning, and Ice team battle?
If the Six Day War was fought today with the same nations who would win?
How do paratroopers secure and manage bulky equipment during jumps?
An average Hand ninja vs 15 Green Berets and Navy Seals
Borg nanoprobes vs flood spores: Who would come out on top?
Who will win in a fight between Black Adam and Captain Marvel? And why?
Who would win, Scar vs. the Shadow Man?
Who would win in a fight between Atlas and Hercules?
Who would win out of MCU!Steve Rogers VS 616!Punisher, and why?
If the German Army in WWII fought only the American Army, who would win?
All of the classic Disney villains enter American Idol. Who wins?
Geralt of Rivia switches places with Jon Snow on the way to the Night's Watch. How does the true White Wolf who Knows Nothing fare in Westeros?
If there was a war between the US and another “sane and stable” world power like Russia or China, do you think nuclear weapons would be involved or do you think both sides would understand that they are only to be used as a last resort?
Who would win, Junko Enoshima vs Tomura Shigaraki?
T'challa, the Black Panther, is dropped off next to Castle Black between seasons 1 and 2 of GoT and has to kill Joffrey. Can he do it: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a battle between James Bond, Mario, Ash Ketchum, and The Flash?
Who would win, 5 Grizzly bears vs One hippo?
Who would win this fight: Tatsumi Oga VS Yuuma Asahikawa?
What would win in a fight, two large dogs or one wolf?
Who would win, Beerus vs Living Tribunal?
Who'd win, Galactic Republic VS CIS VS Gem Empire?
Who would win this fight: DC vs Marvel?
Who would win a fight between Conor Mcgregor and Dominick Cruz?
Who'd win, One US Navy SEAL with a neon sharpie or 6 amateurs with paintball guns on a forested playing field?
Can there be physical fights between twin flames?
Who would win, Black Racer or Avengers?
Who'd win, Sloth Bear vs Bengal Tiger?
Who would win this combat: Kim Jong Un vs 100 Batmans?
Who would win this war: Mxy plays a trick on Gotham. Batman is evil, Bane, Joker, and Penguin have hearts of gold. Bat's mission: Rob every bank?
An elephant sized honey badger vs the US army
What military technologies does each country excel at?
How many RL Navy SEALS could the copypasta version take?
If the U.S. and North Korea went to war, what would happen and who would win?
How many Talions does it take to defend Helm's Deep?
Who will win in a fight between Wolverine and the Cheetah?
Which subreddit would be the worst superhero?
If the counties of the UK all fought each other, who would win?
Who would win, Marvel's Illuminati vs your weird libertarian friend on Facebook's Illuminati?
What would happen if the American military and law enforcement officers joined forces to eradicate gangs and organized crimes?
Who would win in a fight between Cartman and Homer Simpson?
Who would win in a fight, Chi-Chi or Bulma?
Could a well trained fighter lose to a random guy in a fight?
Considering allies, who would win in a war between the US and the UK?
In the event of full-blown hostilities, who would win a war between Morocco and Algeria? Would the other nations get involved? If so, who would join and which side would they take?
Who would win in a fight, Alucard or Hulk?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or All Might?
Who would win in a fight between Odin, All Father and Superman?
Etrae's War Journal: Day 89
Who would win because you want them to?
If Serbia would invade Croatia today , would they lose yet another war?
Who would win this fight: Terror Bird vs a Siberian Tiger?
Army vs Marines who would win?
A war breaks out between ancient Dane Vikings and the ancient Mongolians, the battleground is in Russia. Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of T800 vs Jurassic Park, and why?
Who would win a war between the Netherlands and Denmark?
Why do people say that World War III will start if China attacks India?
In a Hunger Games battle royale between each Disney Princess, who dies, how, and in what order? Who wins?
Who would win, Prime Barack Obama vs Prime Osama Bin Laden?
Who would win, Guts from Kill La Kill in Guts' Berserker Armor VS Krypto the Super Dog?
Who would win this battle: Chihuahuas vs indominus Rex maybe some spoilers?
If war breaks out with Russia, will America sit it out and profit from it?
Having a Television Who Would Win In A Fight tournament over in /r/WhoWouldWinInAFight
Who would win, Battle of Prehistoric Planetary Predators! T-Rex vs. the Arrowtongue from Darwin IV?
Who would win this brawl: 2 older adult lions and 2 young cubs vs a medieval knight?
Who do you think would win in a fist fight between an average 16 year old from 2017 and 1947?
Who would win this match: Gordon Freeman with his Suit vs. Nomad from Crysis with his Suit?
What would an urban battle be like in a city of the size of New York?
Who would win a game of chess: Batman or Iron Man?
Who would win, Gaara of the desert vs Crocodile?
In NO.V.A. Legacy, how can I switch between guns during combat?
Who would win, Kratos vs Gorr the God Butcher?
Who'd win, The embodiment of the "Pokédex is bullshit" circlejerk VS the embodiment of "lol Goku is omnipotent" circlejerk?
Who'd win, Hippo vs. Walrus?
Who would win in a fight, Trunks or Jason Voorhees?
1 billion lions vs all Pokémon: Who would be the winner?
Is it true that if the Japanese knew our Navy was weakened after the Pearl Harbor attack, they would have marched straight to Washington with little or no opposition?
Who would win in a war between modern technology and Harry Potter magic?
Who would win, Deep Sea King vs. Mao Xinjie?
Who'd win, Imperial Japan vs Britain in an WWII Operation Sea Lion/Battle of Britain repeat Scenario?
Who would win in a fight, Captain Atom or a Hulk?
If the world was at war and the USA was led into a nuclear winter, what is your survival plan?
Can Alexander the Great's army successfully invade North Korea
Who would win in a battle between Karna and Indhrajeet?
Sonic vs. Rainbow Dash: Time to settle this: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Can Silver Surfer defeat Thanos?
In a war between Taiwan and South Korea, who would win?
November 2017 Participation Trophy for Nov 1-4
Who would win, Armored Assault Tank vs AT-AT?
The /r/WWW Creations battle royal
Your favorite "Peak Human" character now has the powers of an actual peak human. How well can he do his job?
The plot of Doctor Strange , but Stephen Strange is replaced with Tony Stark
How would a fight between Jar Jar Binks and the Hulk play out?
Is there going to be a World War 3? If so, where is the safest place to hide?
Who would win, Gamora vs. Nebula - Guardians of the Galaxy Matchup?
Eagle versus a giraffe, who wins in a fight?
Who would win in a fight between Jackie Chan and Harry Potter?
Who'd win, Ulysses Klaue jumps dimensions and sells Vibranium tech to Caesar and his Ape Army?
What would have happened if Sweden had won the Great Northern War?
Who'd win, Suiryu vs Iron Fist?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Vader or Po?
Who would win in a fight between a Samurai wielding a katana and a Royal Bengal Tiger?
Who would win out of Rational vampire with a shotgun vs rational Jedi with a lightsaber, and why?
Who'd win, 1 trillion Lion-O's vs Ra?
Who would win this battle: Edward Richtofen vs the medic?
Who would be the champion out of Absolute Peak Korra VS Peak Korea, and why?
What would a war between the wizards and the muggles look like? Who would win?
Everyone, fuse two non-legendaries. Can our brigade of fused Pokemon defeat Batman with a week of pokeprep?
You vs your favorite superhero Who would win?
100 genetically mutated cats vs 10 000 Siberian Tigers: Who would win?
Who would win a war between, the Empire of Japan and Panem?
You are stuck in a time loop, a la Groundhog Day or Edge of Tomorrow. How long does it take you to beat Batman in single combat? Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Nova and Magik?
If a medieval army during Charlemagne’s reign fought a Roman legion during Trajan’s rule, who would win?
Who would win, Enzyme or Xenomorph?
Who would win a free-for-all between all of the Smash Bros playable characters?
Who is the strongest comic book character these 10 real life Superheros could take out?
Who would have the edge out of Batman with prep vs Eminem in a rap battle, and why?
Who would win, Shinji Ikari takes steroids and trains with Evander The Real Deal Holyfield for 1 year. Can he beat Ed Elric in a boxing match?
Who would have the edge out of Iceman vs. Sand, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Superman vs. He-Man, Lion-O, Cloud Strife, Dante , and Kratos, and why?
Who would win in a non-nuclear war between Russia and Turkey? Assuming NATO allies won’t intervene.
Who would have the edge out of Owen and his raptor squad run a witcher ladder, and why?
KINGVS.GOD USOPPVS.MR.SATANVS.HANNES
Chinese incursion, Pakistan incursion. What should India learn from this?
Which animal would win in a battle, a panda bear or a kangaroo?
Team of the Month: The Crystal Gems
It's a Redwall free for all. Who comes out on top?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The MCU vs Apocalypse, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Golfers vs T-Rex, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Wolverine or the Hulk?
Who would win a war between the left and right of a world map? So all countries left of Greenwich Vs all countries right of Greenwich?
Who would win in a fight—the Vatican Swiss Guards or the US Secret Service?
Who would win between a samurai warrior in yoroi and a knight in armor using only katana and knightly sword, respectively?
The Army Corps of Engineers , must build a castle that can withstand a siege of all of mideival Europe’s forces
What's the most powerful superhero/villain Elon Musk could defeat?
Who would be victorious out of Barack Obama vs. Vladimir Putin...in a round of Command & Conquer: Red Alert, and why?
If Ali fought Batman in a boxing match, who would win?
If Germans didn't attack Russia, and cross the English channel before winter, what will happen to England?
Who'd win, Treasure Knight vs Bouncer?
Who would win in a fight between Natasha Romanoff and Nick Fury?
If a war between India and China were to happen, who would have a chance to win it?
Who would win, Team Ghost Rider Vs All Winx Club Villians?
Is a fight between two girls more or less dangerous that a fight between two boys?
If all your teachers got in a fight who would win?
Who would win this war: Markiplier Vs. PewDiePie?
Who would win this war: Ryu Vs. Roy?
What is the strongest first gen pokemon that Stephen Hawking could defeat? What is the weakest first gen pokemon that could defeat a monster truck?
Who would win, Omega Red vs. Doctor Octopus?
Who would win, Bruce Wayne Vs. Lex Luther?
Wilson Fisk gets his hands on T'Challa's Vibranium suit. Strongest person Fat Panther can defeat?
Who would win, the Master Assassin Abbas or inexperienced Al Mualim with the Apple of Eden and clones?
Can literature make an ostrich on the same level as Superbear Prime 1M, Ultra Doomlion Supreme, Gorilla Ex Machina, and The Tigatar Legion?
Who would claim victory out of Bilbo Baggins vs Frodo Baggins, and why?
Who would win out of The Super Friends vs. The Legion of Doom, and why?
How many U.S Marines could a Jedi take on in a fight?
Who would win this fight: Imperial Guardsman vs. Navy Seal?
Who'd win, A man who can continually make clones that progressively get stupider vs. A man who can continually make clones that get progressively weaker?
Who would Win a fight between Brock Lesnar and Bobby Lashley?
How do I keep calm during a fight?
All vertebrate animals gain "perfect intelligence". Their goal: world domination. Which species wins?
Why do you love the MCU?
What if Muggles come to know that The Wizarding World of Harry Potter exists and there is a war between the two, who would win, humans or wizards?
Who would win out of Angelica Pickles vs. Mutant Lobsters and Squishy Squids, and why?
Could an Andrewsarchus beat a grizzly bear in a fight to the death?
If there was a war between all the brains and all the brawn of the world, who do you think would win?
Who would win this brawl: Bruce Lee vs the boxing greats?
Who would win in a battle between a Char 2c and a Char B1?
Is being fat generally advantageous in a fight?
Who would win this brawl: U.S.S. Hammond vs. a Shadow Battlecrab?
The Character Scramble is TO BE CONTINUED! Get ready for Character Scramble Season 8!
Hitler in 1932 Has Access to Historical Records from 2017 the Twist is, So does Russia, Who Comes Out On Top?
What do you think about the outcome of Thor and Wonder Woman’s death battle?
Who would win a fight between a Puma and a leopard?
If WW3 broke out, how would urban warfare change?
What was combat between cavalry units like in 1914?
Who would win this punch-up: Grizzly Bear vs. Silver back Gorilla?
Who would win, Pain or Ulquiorra?
Who'd win, Mater the Towtruck , Robin Arryn , Ed the Hyena , and Foghorn Leghorn team up to assassinate every McDonalds managers in Rhode Island. Can they do it?
Who'd win, Bad Wolf vs Bill Cipher?
Who will win in a fight, Odd Todd or Joker?
Who would win this war: George Takei vs Lions and Tigers and Bears?
Who would win this battle: SuperMan Vs Jiren?
Who would be victorious out of Killua and Feitan Vs. Master Roshi and The President, and why?
Which superhero would make the best villain? And which villain would make the best hero?
How, if possible, could a modern-day country like Russia, China, or North Korea invade the mainland United States?
In the Harry Potter universe, who would win a war between the wizard world and a Borg invasion fleet of 500 million?
Your favorite character has to hit a regular human protected by these five forms of defense. Can they get through?
In a fight between Kratos and Superman, who wins and why?
Who would win, Master Chief VS Samus?
Who would win a Presidential race between "Sargon of Akkad" and "SecularTalk"?
What would happen if Hulk attacked Hela in a direct fight?
Who would win in a war between Italy and ISIS?
Your high school and college mascot vs. My high school and college mascot
Why is the right using the bomb cyclone to fight against global warming? Hypothetically, if the East side of US faces an unexpected heat wave in the future, then by that logic, would global warming exist in your view?
When was the last battle in Westeros as big as The battle of the Blackwater?
Who would win in a fight between a slug and a snail?
Who would win a boxing match between Roy Jones Jr. and Floyd Mayweather?
Hunger Games: Presidential Edition
Who would win this war: The Undertaker vs Deadpool vs Darth Vader?
All the herbivores in African savannas suddenly become carnivores.
What is the meaning of "Life is a constant battle between the heart and the brain. But guess who wins. The skeleton."?
Who would win between the One-Above-All vs. All other Marvel characters combined?
Who would win, John Bull vs Uncle Sam?
The Doom Slayer throws himself against the entirety of Beacon Academy .
Who would win, the Eternal Twins or Palpatine?
Who would win, Westeros High School is holding an election for student body president. Which of the following 10 students runs the most successful campaign and win?
Sheele VS Claire Stanfield: Who would claim victory?
How much does Michael Moore truly believe that Trump will win the 2016 Presidential race?
MCU Thanos VS. The Holy Quintet and Nagisa: Who would claim victory?
All 44 Presidents are transported to a huge dance floor and are ordered to dance. Which President tears it up the most?
Who would win, Speed-o-Sound Sonic or the Council of Swordsman?
Who would win out of Crocodile vs Sandman, and why?
Who'd win, The world is filling up with people who can't be matched, and because SHIELD has no one else, they decided to clone their only asset 23 times. How safe would MCU Earth now be under the Hawkeye Initiative?
If Percy Jackson and Harry Potter read each other's books, then fought, who would win in a fair fight? What about if one ambushes the other?
Who would win this brawl: Infinity Gaunlet vs Summoning Key?
Do candidates typically raise more money during primaries or general elections are donors waiting for for candidates to win primary races to donate?
Who would be victorious out of Cloud vs Lightning from FF13, and why?
Who would win in a war between science and religion?
Who would win, Armless Batman vs Armless Tiger Man?
What would happen if a Wolf Pack attacked a Grizzly Bear?
What would happen if WW2 was continued to WW3?
Who's the most durable character Thor could brain?
Who would win in a battle between Galactus and The Phoenix Jean Grey?
If a Doberman and a Rottweiler were to fight, who do you think would win?
Who wins the race, IIT Bombay or IIT Kharagpur?
If Arale and Goku fought to the death, who would actually win?
Featuring the Great Angel!
How many medieval knights would it take to defeat one horse-sized Western Ice Dragon?
How many humans would it take to headbutt a rhino to death?
Every modern nation on Earth goes to war, and settles it through combat by champion. Their champions? Heads of state, past and present.
Who would win if there is a war between present day India and Hitler's Nazi Germany?
If Martians had helped the Germans at Stalingrad, would the Germans have won?
Who will win in a fight if Rama and his brothers fought against all the sons of kunti?
Who would win an Iron Chef type battle between Bobby Flay and Gordon Ramsay?
Who'd win, Alex Turner vs Luke Pritchard?
Who would win, Naruto or Kakashi?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Omega Red vs Doctor Octopus, and why?
Who'd win, German Shepherds vs female Lion?
Who would win, Sentry VS Jiren?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Superman?
What would happen if Somalia declares war on China?
What would the global scenario be if there were to be a World War III?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs Ra’s Al Ghul?
Fictional Universe Tier List
Ghost Rider puts on then flameatizes MCU Iron Man's latest suit. Who can he beat now?
If Deathstroke and the Winter Soldier both took contracts to kill each other, who would win?
Lightning Mcqueen v. Black panther
Who can the Vampire Lestat beat?
All the Villains in the DC universe start beating up the ocean. Yes, I mean the actual body of water. What exactly do the Heroes do?
Batman's entire world is within the Matrix. Does he figure out the truth?
Who would be the winner out of RoboCop upgraded by Lucious Fox vs E54 Bastion upgraded by Tony Stark, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Affleck's Batman and Stephen Amell's Green Arrow?
ROTJ Luke vs ROTS Dooku: Who would be the winner?
Featuring Zygarde
Who would have the edge out of 50 Mongol horseman vs 50 Plains Indians on horseback, and why?
All character power levels are now equivalent to how badass their theme music is. Who can defeat Guile.
Iron Man vs Batman: Who would be the champion?
Is the United States of America ready for a war with extraterrestrial aliens?
Who would win, Baby Vegeta SSB Beyond vs Lord Beerus?
Without allies, who would win if the UK and Russia went to war?
If Pearl Harbor never happened, would Germany have won the war?
Who would win in a fight, 3 Xenomorphs or Venom?
Suddenly, the forces tasked with defending Helms Deep are replaced with historical real world forces.
Who will win the Florida Senator race, Rick Scott or Bill Nelson?
Who is the weakest character who can defeat The One Above All, The Presence, Featherine, Xeranthemum, YHWH, and Azathoth?
Who would win, Hulk vs Superman?
Could Rainbow Six: Siege win these scenarios that other SF couldn't?
Who would win, The Stephen Hawking vs Super Hot Fire in a rap battle?
Who would win this match: Monster Musume vs. Rosario + Vampire?
Strongest wild animal a trained soldier can beat
Who would be victorious out of Cat-Dog, Cow and Chicken, Ren & Stimpy, and why?
Who would win in a war among every country that has name starting with the first letter of your name?
Who would win in a fight between Ashoka and Genghis Khan?
Why is there such an enormous gap in combat ability between top Jedi like Yoda and Windu and regular or even good Jedi?
Who would win a fight between Osama Bin Laden and Hitler?
Who would win in a fight between Neo and the Hulk, if both are inside the Matrix and at their full power?
Who would win, SSGSS4 Goku vs SSJ4 GT Vegito?
Who would win, Sasuke vs Kurapika?
Little Mac vs Ippo Makunouchi: Who would win?
Who'd win, DIOJojo's Bizzare Adventure Stardust Crusaders vs Shadow the Hedgehog?
Who would win in a conventional, non-nuclear war between Japan and South Korea today?
What's one superpower your favorite superhero would benefit from?
Who would be the champion out of Japan and South Korea vs North Korea, and why?
Introducing the Bloodmatch Gauntlet
In a hypothetical situation, if you are facing unemployment, what steps should a government take? What extra thing can you do to fight this scenario?
Who would win: 25 unarmed average human vs fully grown polar bear?
Komodo Dragon vs Nile Crocodile: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a war between Nicaragua or Cuba?
Who would win if there was a war between Afghan Pashtuns and Pakistani Pashtuns?
Who would win this combat: Cat vs Lion?
Who would win, Magetta or Vegeta?
Who would win, Alligator vs Crocodile?
You vs. 5ft Black Bear Who would win?
Spiderman vs King Bradley: Who would be victorious?
What would happen if Chechnya declared war on Ireland?
How would Dori the fish use comedic blunders to hold her own against New 52 Aquaman? Optionally Aquaman may bring in Aqualad as his sidekick, but then Dori gets to bring her choice of Marlin or Nemo?
Who would win, Swamp Thing vs Poison Ivy?
Who'd win, Trevor Phillips vs Hank Wimbledon?
An army composed of the gifts from The Twelve Days Of Christmas is formed.
Who would win in a death battle between Doomguy and a Warhammer 40K Space Marine?
If the Turks had allied with the Nazis during WW2, would this have been the key factor behind winning against the Soviets?
Who will win a battle between Indian Army Para-Commandos and Pakistani SSG?
Which character will win in a fight between Marvel’s Thor and Beerus from Dragon Ball Super?
Who would win in a four-way war between the All Systems Commonwealth, the Forerunners, and the Culture and the Imperium of Mankind?
Who would win in a fight, lord Beerus or Natsu?
Who would win a war between India and Nigeria? Why?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Sub-Zero?
Who would win, Batman, Bane, and Nightwing vs Black Panther, Kingpin, and Daredevil?
Colossus vs. The Rhino: Who would have the best chance of winning?
You vs You Who would win?
In a hypothetically battle between Armata T 14 and Leopard 2, who would win?
Do presidential candidates who fail to win still benefit from their efforts in the presidential race?
Who would win this battle: Cyborg Morgan Freeman vs 100 Honey badgers?
Grim is tasked with reaping the soul of Rick Sanchez .
Lightning vs Bayonetta
Do you think Feanor, Fingolfin or Fingon could kill Balrog in a 1v1 combat?
Who would win between Hercules and the Hulk?
Who would win if the Cult of Skaro fought Leto II and his fish speakers?
You are dropped into the show: Courage the Cowardly Dog, can you survive? Who would win?
A picnic basket is placed on the International Space Station with 5 X-Wings from Star Wars surrounding it. How does Yogi Bear steal the basket?
Who'd win, Hiphopopotamus Vs. Rhymenoceros?
John Henry trains for one year under Master Roshi who is the strongest opponent he can beat?
Who would win if NATO forces attempted a land invasion of Russia, China and Vietnam?
Who would win, Black Dynamite vs. Dolemite?
Your favorite character must brave the Nine Circles of Hell. . How far can s/he get?
If you had to defeat Israel while commanding the joint forces of Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, and Syria, how would you do it?
Who would win in an FFA sword fight, Gamora, Magik, Angela, Guillotine, Gwenpool, or Psylocke?
Who would win, A fleet of 10 viking ships vs. an US hangar ship?
How will the fight between Thor and Hulk go in Ragnarok?
Two teams from Avengers: Infinity War face off
Who would win in a fight between Brainiac and Ultron?
Inspiration vs. Creation: Zorro and The Shadow vs. Batman: Who would win?
Who would win, Pavlov's dog vs Schrodinger's cat?
How are the fights between couples who are psychologists?
Can Brock Lesnar beat a leopard in a fight?
20 Chimpanzees vs the entire UFC roster: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight between a rhino and a hippopotamus?
Who would win, Otis or Bigfoot?
In those medieval times when people wore armor, how could a steel sword possibly harm someone clad in metal head-to-toe?
Who would win, North Korea currently or the Mongolian empire at its height?
Batman gets subbed in for Snake during the Shadow Moses incident. How long does it take for him to take down FOXHOUND?
What were the advantages the Spartans had over the Athenians?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Starlord?
Featured character: Juggernaut!
Who'd win, Percy Jackson Vs Steven Universe, Connie, Finn the Human and Jake the Dog?
Hypothetically speaking, would India allow the CRPF to fight on the warfront if the defence of India faced a lot of casualties?
Monkey D. Luffy vs Naruto Uzumaki: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Tatsumi v the Guyver v Kamen Rider
Who would win this battle: Leon S Kennedy must infiltrate North Korea and kill Kim Jong Un. How does he do?
Seeing that his mask doesn't scare Courage as good as it did before, Eustace decides to get a different mask...
Who would win in a battle between a hyena and a wolf?
Who would win, Vega or Son Goku?
Who would win in a fight: Oberyn or Arthur Dayne?
Who would win, Ben 10 vs Man Bat?
What animal, alive or extinct, has the best chance mauling a T-Rex?
Who would win, Historical fight: Miyamoto Mushashi vs Richard the Lionheart?
Who would win, Despero or Doomsday?
Who would win in a fight, Madara Uchiha or Darth Sidious?
Who would win out of Strongest individual enemy from these forces that a returned Roboute Guilleman, Jaghatai Khan, and Lion El'Johnson, plus 12 Terminator Veterans could 7/10, and why?
Take any three of these superpowers. Who's the strongest superhero/supervillain you can beat with them?
Who would win this punch-up: Goku Vs. Superman?
Who would win a fist fight between Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton?
Who would win, Luke Cage vs. Superman?
In a war between the 5 regions of the U.S, who would win?
In a battle between Master Chief and Magneto, who would win?
If the Indian and the British Army fought a war in ground, who would win that?
Who'd win, Ocean Man VS Rock Lobster?
Who would win in a fight, Apocalypse or Darkseid?
Who would win in a fight between the banner characters?
Who would win in a fight between a Japanese horse archer and a Seljuk horse archer?
You run an apex predator gauntlet Who would win?
What fantasy factions in literature, movies, or television, would stand a chance of defeating/conquering the U.S? Do not include Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, or Lovecraft.
Who do you think would win, dinosaurs with various sizes or a caveman? Why?
What people think about the World War III?
Who would win this combat: President Trump vs. All his White House aides trying to physically restrain him from ordering a nuclear strike?
Who would win, a UFC heavyweight champion or Bruce Lee?
Who would win in a fight, Neji or Aang?
Who would win in a fight, Colossus vs. Thor?
Who would win, Royal Guard Neferpitou or Zeno Zoldyck?
Who would win in a war without nukes or allies, a united Europe or a united Asia?
Who would win in a fight: Colonel Sanders or General Tso?
How many chihuahuas would it take to bring down a full grown bull moose?
Who's the strongest team or character in comics can this Superhero movie team beat?
who would win in a massive battle between every playable character in super smash bros 4 and every playable character in jojos bizarre adventure: eyes of heaven
Who would win in a fight between the Avengers vs the X-Men?
Who would claim victory out of A Giant fire breathing ant vs Six Fighter Jets, and why?
How the hell would the Barney the Dinosaur gang beat the Espada?
Who would win this fight: Man with 3 years of training + brain modifications vs Bruce Lee?
Who would win in a war between Malaysia and Guinea-Bissau? Why?
Godzilla All-Star Battle Royale
Who Would Win Black Lightning or Palpatine
Who would win in a fight between all of the Avengers and Superman?
Who would win in a fight, Franklin Richards or Doctor Manhattan?
Who would have the edge out of Nathan Drake vs Lara Croft, and why?
can Superman solo the Avengers?
Who would win in a fight: Naruto Uzumaki or Ichigo Kurosaki?
Is a pint-sized girl who is unarmed capable of overpowering and physically abusing a 6 feet plus guy?
What are the chances of North Korea initiating a war? And, if a war does take place, which countries will get involved?
Who would be victorious out of Superman vs Ultraman, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Nayak and Daastan?
Who would win, Battlefield 4 Vs COD: Ghosts?
Who would realistically win in a fight between a 5′7″ 150lb MMA fighter and a 6′7″ 400lb strongman? What benefits do they both have and how do they measure up to each other?
Who will win between DC Universe and Marvel Universe versus Eucliwood?
Who would win in a fight between Captain America and Sasuske Uchiha?
Who would come out on top out of Naruto Uzumaki vs Ichigo, and why?
Who can beat Bad Wolf
Who would win in a fight between Justin Bieber and Galactus?
Who would win this match: Ghost Riders vs The Four Horsemen?
Who would win in a conventional war between the UK and France?
Could poor Bruce Wayne beat rich Bruce Wayne?
Who would win, God Emperor of Mankind vs Darth Sidious from the extended universe?
What was the most important or decisive battle in each major theater in World War II? Why was it an important battle, who were the belligerents, and what was the outcome?
What are my chances? What are yours?
Who would win this brawl: Sarah and John Connor vs. Rambo?
Who would win in a war between NATO and India?
Who would win this battle: One Punch Man vs Superman Prime?
Batman and Captain America head into the Pokemon world. Which one will be the better Pokemon Master: Who would be the victor?
SWAT Kats Suddenly Appear in the Ace Combat series from the Beginning. How do they fare?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between the Gupta Empire and the Rajput Plus Maratha dynasties?
Who would win in a battle between Po and Tigress?
Who would claim victory out of McGyver and Kevin McCallister are hiding in an Ikea Warehouse, can batman catch them, and why?
Your favorite character wakes up with a single new goal in life; to ruin Christmas.
Kratos barges into Camp Half-Blood demanding the head of "ZEEEUUUSSS".
Who would win in a fight between all the US Special Forces?
Who would win in a fight, Superman from DC or Captain Marvel from Marvel?
Weakest character that can espace SuperJail.
Legolas enters the Tour De France. Can anyone beat him without being disqualified?
Choose Ten characters to beat the Legion of Doom.
The Covenant replace the C.I.S. at the battle of Coruscant
Who would win a war between China and Kenya, if they were neighbors?
Who would win this brawl: Justice League vs the X-Men?
What would happen if a thousand zombies from 28 days later and 100 vampires from I am Legend were all placed in the sealed off city of London?
Assuming Sansa, Cersei, and Daenerys were each given a light sword and fought each other, who is most likely to win?
Why winning a rat race in India is so important?
TV Movies Questions & Discussions 12/25/2015
Who would win this punch-up: T-rex vs different animals?
Who would win, Darth Revan with Meetra Surik versus Darth Sidious with Anakin Skywalker?
Who would win a war between India and Japan?
Who would win in a fight, Ruby or Steven Universe?
Who would win this battle: Batman, Captain America, Professor X, Wonder Woman, Iron Man, Wolverine, Deadpool, Magneto, Bucky, Optimus Prime, Aquaman, Sun Wukong, Sasuke, Hercules, Achilles, Dr. Doom vs Goku?
So You Think You Can Become a Mad God?
Who would win in a war between US and NATO against Russia and China?
In a fight between all of the Marvel and DC people without superpowers, who would win?
How would the war in Europe have turned out for Germany if Hitler allowed his competent generals to conduct the war without interference?
Who would win a fight between Blue Marvel and Ultron?
If an Imperial Star Destroyer attacked Earth, how would we defend ourselves?
Who is the weakest female character who can accomplish the tasks given her in "Scarborough Fair"?
Who'd win, Bill Goldberg and Brock Lesnar vs 25 British Police officers?
In an all-out war between Saudi Arabia Vs Iran, who wins and why?
If we lived in the Marvel Universe, how do you think pro-mutant vs anti-mutant flame wars would go down on Reddit?
Hypothetical Scenarios: If a civil war breaks out between North and South India, who will win in a military stand point?
Who would win this fight: Spider-Man, Bat Man, Krillin and a 40k Ultra marine Run a ladder that even I could beat?
Can 25 Brock Lesnars take down an African Elephant?
5 silver back gorilla as smart as a man and with a vibranium sword vs Captain America: Who would win?
Who'd win, North American Predators vs African Predators?
Me with a Death Machine vs a swarm of crocodiles: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Great Saiyaman or Possessed Robber?
Who would be the champion out of A common house cat vs a roughly equal sized Lobster, and why?
Ignoring any third party interference, who would win in a war between Boy Scouts and JROTC?
Who would win in a battle between an anti-vaxxer, a moon landing denier, and a flat-Earther?
Who would win the fight between Iron Man and Iron Spider?
Who'd win, Donquixote Doflamingo vs Escanor?
Who would win, One Punch Man vs a Pokemon with sturdy?
Darth Maul vs Daredevil: Who would be victorious?
She-Hulk vs Starfire: Who would be the champion?
How is Pakistan able to manage its propaganda machine so well that almost all its citizens think that they did not lose any war with India?
Do the Japanese have shame for the military crimes committed by their army in the 20th century like the Germans have shame for theirs during World War II?
Boxing : Is Bob Arum to blame for the fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao not happening?
Who would win, Hulk vs Doomsday?
Your favorite superhero is now subject to the laws of real world physics, how well do they perform now?
Who would win out of Captain America and Deadpool, vs Snake Eyes and Storm Shadow, and why?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between 1,000 conquistadors and one Roman legion?
What companies have Babson College alumni or students founded?
What if famous scientists had the powers related to their most notable accomplishments?
What are some techniques in a fight that anyone can do?
Who will win in a fight between Mech-X4 and the Avengers?
Who would win in a sword fight without any powers, Eragon or Percy Jackson?
Who would win, Adam west batman vs. All versions of thanos?
Who would win in a fight between a single Xenomorph and any prehistoric predator?
Who would win, Incubus vs Enchantress?
Who would win, Batman vs Goku?
Given that both are incredibly wealthy and intelligent, why is Bruce Wayne able to surpass Lex Luthor in so many areas?
Who would win in a fight between a jackal and a coyote?
Who would win out of Hannibal Lector vs Hugo Strange, and why?
Black Cat /Catwoman decide to rob a Parisian museum. Unfortunately for them, Chat Noir has taken up guard duty.
Who would win, A red panda with black belt Kung fu skills and a flute vs. a black bear with a spear vs. a panda with a bamboo staff vs. a brown bear with a 10 foot log vs. a polar bear with an icicle blade?
How do I tell my friends that World War 3 will never happen?
Who would win this battle: Mr. Satan vs Luffy?
Beerus Runs A Gauntlet of Comedy Characters
Who would be victorious out of Lion vs Tire vs Bear, and why?
You vs 1 T-Rex? ||or|| You vs 5 Velociraptors? Who would win?
Who would win this match: a hippo vs a pack of wild boars?
Who would win: Jiraya or Itachi?
If war broke out between the Austrian Empire and the Ottoman Empire in the 19th century, which side would win?
Why did Germany lose WWII?
Who would win out of LeVar Burton vs The Imperium of Man, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Hawkgirl and Big Barda assuming the battle started on Apokolips and then on Earth?
Who would win a fight between Iron Man and Darth Vader?
Who would come out on top out of SuperMan vs A person who has eaten all of the devil fruits, and why?
Who would win, Fused Zamasu or Supreme Kai Shin and Gowasu?
Who'd win, A lion vs 4 police officers?
If Buffy fought Hercules and Angel fought Xena, who would win?
Wolverine trapped in a silo full of magnets vs Magneto trapped in a silo full of wolverines: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight between Shazam and Thor?
Who would win in a fight: Galadriel or Sauron?
Who would win, Trion Juggernaut or Surtur?
Strongest Touhou character Bill Cipher can defeat?
Who would win, A guy in T-60 power armor but he can only attack with dance moves vs A Medieval Knight armed with Plate Armor and a Dildo Bat from Saints Row?
Who would win in a battle between a camel and a horse?
Who would win this fight: 5 Black Widows vs a fire ant colony?
Beerus vs. 1 Trillion Kratoses: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Can Talion from Shadow of War conquer the Earth?
Who will win a race between Lord Vishnu and Lord Karthikeya with their vehicles allowed?
An Alaskan Polar Bear vs Two Utah Raptors
Who would win, Wolverine and Deadpool vs Gamora and Nebula?
Who could replace the Big Bad Wolf?
Who would win in a fight between DC's Black Canary or Marvel's Banshee?
Who will win the race: Reliance Jio vs Airtel?
Who'd win, Goku Black and Zamasu vs Naruto Universe?
Who would win in a battle between the Emperor and the Emperor?
Who would win this fight: SSJ3 Goku vs Thor?
Is winning an F1 race harder during Ayrton Senna's time or currently?
If Quebec declared war against all others provinces of Canada and Canada, who would win? Why?
Which character in Hunter x Hunter would win in the fight of Killua versus Gon?
In a Jaime Lannister vs. Legolas Greenleaf fight , who would win?
Who would win in a fight Dormammu vs Thanos?
Who would win in a fight between Black Panther and Albert Wesker?
Who will win in a battle between Rick Sanchez and Thanos with the infinity gauntlet?
During WWII, was there any combat between US Navy fighters and German aircraft?
What would have been the simplest way for Hitler/Germany to win WWII?
Who would win in a fight, Orga or Cell?
Who would win this match: Skitter vs Million Ants?
Which two characters would have the most intense game of Chess-Boxing?
Is North Korea trying to cause World War III?
Who would win, Majima Gorō “The Mad Dog of Shimano” VS Trevor Phillips “The Crazy Dude” ?
Every Animal on Earth now has Human intelligence and Humans are no longer on the planet. Which animal would become the rulers of earth?
Who would win, General Zod or Superman who is all-out?
How powerful is your team ?
Who will win in a war between present day Taiwan and all the imperial powers of 1914?
Who would win, Spetsnaz vs Vampires?
Who would win in a war between Oman and Saudi Arabia?
Who'd win, 25 Navy Seals with Deathstroke's physical abilities vs 1000 Normal Navy Seals?
Who would win this fight: John Wick vs. Seal Team 6?
Who would win in a war, Jeff Bezos or Kim Jong-un?
Assuming the songs, "All Summer Long" and "Summer of '69" are accurate, who would win in a fight between Bryan Adams in 1969 and Kid Rock in 1989?
Who would win in a war between Romania and Bulgaria without NATO intervention?
Family Guy, But it Now Takes Place in the My Hero Academia Universe
Who would win, Green Lartern or Adam Warlock?
'96 Chicago Bulls vs. Gandalf
Who would win in a fight, RWBY or TMNT?
If the Crips, Hells Angels, and Mafia fought against each other, who do you think would win?
Who would win in a fight, an unarmed man or a domestic cat of human size?
Another battle of the beasts, Southern elephant seal vs a Hippo
You need to kill the president . What's the one perfect weapon for the job Who would win?
Who would win, Knuckles the Echidna or Saitama?
Who will win the 100m race in the 2020 Olympic games?
The ultimate showdown for the Mario Bros. v. Yoshi and Donkey Kong saga: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight, a black belt in ninjutsu or jujutsu?
Bob the builder vs fix-it felix
Who would win in a fight, Starfire or Korra?
With the increasing tension on world politics, what are the odds of a World War Three?
Thunder Megazord vs Thunder Megazord: Who would claim victory?
Who would win a war between Iceland and China?
All the ants in the world vs All the humans in the world
Who would win in a battle between ISIS and PKK?
What would happen if North Korea declared war on everyone?
Who will win a conventional war between India and Australia?
Who would win in a battle of pure plot armour?
Who would win out of Hinoka vs FN-2199, and why?
Can two lions defeat an adult male grizzly bear?
Who would win a war between Egypt and Pakistan?
Who would win a bloodlusted battle between Baraka and Carnage?
Everyone of German/Celtic descent vs. everyone of Greek/Roman descent vs. everyone of Arabic/Turkish descent: Who would be the champion?
Who would claim victory out of Ghost Rider vs Spawn, and why?
Let's say that in 1984, Britain and its Commonwealth allies went to war against China over the lease of Hong Kong. Assuming that there were months of preparation, who would have won?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer vs Frankenstein
Who would win, Stalin VS Kim Jong Un. Hypothetical War Scenario?
Who would win, Robocop vs John McClane for police union president?
Who would win, RoboCop or a T-800 Terminator?
Can Daredevil beat Ant-Man in a game of hide-and-seek?
If there is a war between Marvel and DC Comics, who do you think will win and who will be the key to the winning side?
Who would win in a fight, Iron Man or Batman?
Who would be the champion out of Doctor Octopus and Goro vs. General Grievous and Four Arms, and why?
Superhero/Supervillain gauntlet-o-death-by-traumatic-brain-injury in a magical wheel-o-whack-you-in-the-back-of-the-head-relentlessly-until-you-die machine!
Can Japan still defeat China now like they did in WW2?
Master chief in a level 12 combat skin
Who would win, Apocalypse vs Thanos?
How can someone win a fight when really angry?
Who would win a battle between the military from Laputa and one Omu?
Who would win in a fight between the Watcher in the Water and the Balrog of Moria?
Who would win, Killua Zoldyck or Feitan?
Kangaroo v Chimpanzee
Who would win, Spartans vs Ninja?
Who'd win in a fight: Theon Greyjoy or Ramsay Bolton?
Who would be the victor out of Bandit Keith vs Weevil Underwood at Duel Monsters, and why?
What is the biggest Dinosaur that an Abram tank could beat 6/10?
Who would win: Thanos or Flowey?
Who'd win, USA + EU vs Russia + China?
Who'd win, Moose vs Kangaroo?
Who would win, Koromaru vs Great Grey Wolf Sif?
Who would win if the aliens from Independence Day fought the aliens from Battleship?
Iraq 1990 vs North Korea 2017, who will win in a war between each other?
Who would win out of Liberty Prime vs. North Korea, and why?
Is America winning the War of Independence an exaggerated “achievement” or was it a genuinely major military victory?
Who would win, Aquaman vs. Ant-Man in a battle of who is more useful to their group of superfriends?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and a Xenomorph?
Which side would win: A 500 pounds heavy male lion or three pit bulls?
You are given 1 random power and 3 days to make it from Augusta Maine to San diego California. Can You do it? Who would win?
Your Favorite Character runs a Ghost Rider Gauntlet
Who would win, Kid Buu vs Frieza?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Mario?
Versus: Who would win between the Hand and the League of Assassins?
Who's the weakest character that could defeat a Xenomorph in hand to... err claw combat?
Who would win in a cage match, Klingon or Sontaran?
Who do you think would win in a 1v1 fight between King Maegor “The Cruel” Targaryen and Jaime “Kingslayer” Lannister?
Who'd win, Kratos vs Post-Solar flare Superman?
Who is the weakest character from the Star Wars universe that could 5/10 Luke Skywalker
Who would do the best if you resurrect any Historical General and told him to run current arms of their respective country?
What is the most efficient way to hold a knife in a fight?
What was it like to fight the Americans during World War II?
How many modern soldiers with melee weapons does it take to get past the 300 Spartans at Thermopylae?
Who would win in a fight, Alexander the Great, or Napoleon?
Who could you beat with arms of a Gorilla and Legs of a Kangaroo?
Who would have the edge out of The Atom vs Ant-Man, and why?
Who would win a war between Russia and Vietnam, if they were neighbors?
Who would win, Herobrine or Darth Vader?
Your favorite character Vs. your favorite villain from a different series, and who would win?
Time Lords vs The Q Continuum: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight between a coyote and Shiba Inu?
Who would win in a fight, The Terminator T-800 or Spider-Man?
The Superman tier ranked by me.
Is WW3 going to be the last?
Who would win this punch-up: Iznogoud vs The Brain?
Who would win a war between the US and Tonga?
The Hunger Games's Newest Tributes
Thanos VS Cell: Who would win?
Who would win, A full grown bull in 4 feet of water VS an Enteroctopus dofleini?
Who would win this punch-up: Megalodon vs A Pack of 3 Killer Whales?
Alcatraz and Master Chief run a gauntlet: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Revan and Kylo Ren?
Who would win, Wolverine vs. Azrael?
Who would win in a fight, Martian Manhunter or Naruto?
Who would win in a war between the United Kingdom and Italy?
Who would win a war between the United States or Melkor and his armies from the Silmarillion?
Who Would Win: Altair from Re;Creators vs Thanos from Avengers IW
Who would win between Sasuke Uchiha and the Flash?
Captain America wakes up in a heavily forested island. Raptors form the Jurassic Park series have been breeding drastically. How many Raptors does it take to overwhelm Captain America?
Who would win, Metal Bat vs Thor?
Who would win in a fight between a Fox and a Wolf?
Tournament of Power Tribunal
Who'd win, Kai vs Lapis Lazuli?
Who'd win, Ratite-Killers vs Raptors?
Magneto and Hulk vs Thor and Doctor Doom, who would win?
Who would win if all five assassins of an elite group under Hydra called Winter Soldiers fought?
Who'd win, Morgan Mortirmir vs Harry Potter?
Who would win this battle: US President Donald Trump and Roman Emperor Hadrian switch places. Who builds a better wall?
Who would win, Joe Biden vs. Donald Trump?
Who would win, Ant-Man or Iron Man Mark 1?
Every left handed person with a baseball bat vs Every right handed person who is unarmed
Scooby Doo vs Courage The Cowardly Dog: Who would claim victory?
Can a human fight a chimp and win with a samurai sword?
Who'd win, Robin VS The Courier?
Mahabharata : Who would win if Karna and Arjuna fought together against Bhisma?
Who would win in a fight between Aquaman and the Flash?
Who would win in a war between every country with a -stan at the end of its' name?
Who would win in an arm wrestling match: A chimp or a power lifter?
If a war breaks out, and India and America are on different sides, which side would an Indian American take?
Who would be a better superhero: Tina Belcher bitten by Spider-Man's spider, Gene Belcher with a Green Lantern ring or Louise Belcher with the powers of "SHAZAM".
Who would win in a war between the United States and Greenland?
Who would be the champion out of Malcolm Merlyn drugs Ciri, causing her to kill Sara Lance. The League of Assassins want justice and Geralt realises that they will kill Ciri if they find out, so he takes the blame. Ra's al Ghul then sentences him to a trial by combat, and why?
Who wins in a fight: a badger or gorilla?
In a fight between Anakin Skywalker and the Lone Ranger and Tonto, who would win?
Which is more destructive, a large forest fire or a large flood.
Who would win this fight: The God Emporer of Mankind vs Morgoth?
Batman Gains the Powers of Multiple Man. Can MultiBat rid DC Earth of Crime?
Who would win this punch-up: Humans vs Elephants?
What was the outcome of the final fight between Naruto and Sasuke?
Who would win in a fight between a vampire and yeti?
Who would win, Gon and Killua vs Netero?
Marvel Comics: Can Ghost Rider defeat Thanos?
Your favorite female humanoid character vs Wonder Woman in a physical brawl
Who had a better chance to win? The Axis or the Central Powers?
Can one-punch man kill doomsday once and for all?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Spider-Man?
Boxing vs karate vs ju jitsu vs tae kwon do vs judo vs krav maga
Alt you fight
Will World War 3 completely destroy the world?
Who would win, Honey Badger VS Wolverine?
A pack of Utahraptors are going to storm your house. You have to improvise a way to defeat them.
Who would win, Jiraya or Danzo?
WhoWouldWin's Best Of 2017 Voting
Battle of the tropes.
Who would win a fight between Akuma and Deathstroke?
Who'd win, A shovel with supermans powers vs a knife with goku's powers?
Strongest horror movie villain you can beat with a baseball bat
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 8/23/2015
Which movie superhero could beat their comic counter part...
Could the South have won the Civil War?
Who would win in a fight, Gaara or the Hulk?
The Juggernaut charges headfirst into Goku's punch. Who wins?
Blaze The Cat Vs Tigress
Who would win in a battle between a Tasmanian wolf and a modern wolf?
Who would win out of One of every original Pokemon vs one trillion lions, and why?
Who would win, A punch from a 15 minute sun-dipped Post-Crisis Superman Vs. A GTA V tree?
Pretend you are a war general If you are outnumbered what would be your advice to your troops? How would you still try to win a fight?
Who would win this combat: Clifford The Big Red Dog vs Barney The Purple Dinosaur?
Bellatrix Lestrange vs Ahsoka Tano: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Damian Wayne Robin vs. Ra's al Ghul?
Who would win in a fight, The Flash or Minato Uzumaki?
Who would win in a street fight in 2017, Mike Tyson or Conor McGregor?
Tournament of Might Tribunal
Who'd win, Kung fury, triceracop, Hitler, Thor, Barbariana, Hackman and Giant talking T rex are tasked with fighting off the dbz universe, marvel and Dc. How far do they get?
The Battle of Female Vampires Gauntlet
Who will win in a battle between The Flash and Quicksilver?
Who would win, Absorbing Man vs Daredevil?
Who wins if Chuck Norris fought Ron Marchini "both in their prime”?
Can Sri Lanka win a war against India?
What will be the duration of WWIII?
Who would win in a war between North Korea and Pakistan?
Who would win, God-Emperor of Mankind vs Odin Borson?
Who would win a fight between Jaime and the Mountain?
Out of these 9 characters, choose 4 to protect you from the remaining 5.
Who would win, Gladiator Hulk vs Kratos with Blades of Chaos?
Who would win this battle: Leone Vs. Wolverine?
Who would win this combat: Taskmaster vs Karnak?
What's the weakest weapon an average human could use to reliably kill a jedi?
What did you think of the fight between Batman and Reverse Flash in Batman #21?
Who will win: King Cobra vs Inland Taipan Snake?
Who would win this battle: A Salmon injected with the super soldier serum vs A Grizzly Bear?
Who would win a fight between Donald Trump and Joe Biden?
You have Wolverine cornered, and a gun that fires an infinite supply of bloodlusted chickens. How many would he take out before they finally pecked him apart? Who would win?
Who would win a car race, an expert truck driver or an expert car driver?
Who would win in a fight between Groot and Swamp Thing? They both have powers over plants’ life to some degree. It would be an interesting fight.
Who'd win, Everyone always talks about Batman vs Superman... what about Ace the Bat Hound vs Krypto the Superdog?
Who would win out of Chewbacca VS. The Lost in Space robot, and why?
Who'd win, The SWAT Kats vs Fox McCloud in a Dog fight to the death?
Who would win in a 400m race, Usain Bolt or Mo Farah?
Who would win a fight between Blue Beetle and Blue Marvel?
Who would have the edge out of The Survey Corps vs the Imperial Fists, and why?
Elsa vs Dr. Manhattan: Who would win?
Who would be victorious out of Hobgoblin and Doctor Octopus vs Iron Man, and why?
Who would win in a fight between the Doctor and Walter White?
How many unarmed humans would it take to kill a hippo?
Who would win in a fight between Black Widow and Hope van Dyne?
Who would win in a battle between Smaug and Glaurung?
Who would win in a fight between Mike Tyson vs Anthony Joshua?
Who would win, Peter Pan the Vampire vs. your favorite Vampire Hunter?
Wonder Woman versus Green Arrow. Who would win?
Who will win a CQC fight between Big Boss and Big Boss?
What if the third world war is already starting?
What will you do if the Third World War breaks out?
WhoWouldWin: Age of Flairbot
Full Random Gauntlet
What Characters would make a Good God of Destruction?
Regarding the use of character titles in place of feats
Who'd win, Batman and Robin are replaced by Mister Rogers and Bob Ross, can they help Gotham villains become better people?
Who would have the edge out of Halo chief vs Samsonite from metroid, and why?
Who would win a war between USA and South America?
Who would win a fight between Star Treks Borg, and Warhammer 40ks Adeptus Mechanicus?
Who would win in a fight, a Triceratops or an Ankylosaurus?
Who would win in a fight between a wolf vs a small-sized bear?
All the water needed to quench the thirst of everyone in the world for a day flows towards a dam made of enough food to feed the world for a day.
Who would win in a hypothetical life-or-death fist fight between Jake Williams and Vladimir Putin?
Who is the strongest character an act of Congress could defeat?
Who'd win in a war between 1,000 members of ISIS, Boko Haram, Los Zetas, the Yakuza, the Italian mafia, the Russian mafia, the Bloods, the Crips, Triads, Hell's Angels, Viet Cong, HAMAS, the IRA, and the Wehrmacht, all inside an evacuated New York?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Galactus?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of A full grown lion vs five 10 year olds each with a dagger and shield, and why?
Who'd win, MCU Hela vs DCEU Wonder Woman?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider vs Slaughterhouse 9?
Who would be the winner out of The Avengers vs The Ginyu Force, and why?
Who would win in a war between the United Kingdom and Turkey?
Who would win in a fight, The Joker or IT?
Who wins, the crocodile or the Komodo dragon?
Who would win this fight: 1,000 5th graders vs. 10 SEAL Team Six SEALS in NERF battle?
Who would win this punch-up: Sandman from Spiderman vs Crocodile from One Piece?
Who would win in a war between Russia and Sweden?
Who'd win, Verne Troyer vs. a 17 pound lobster?
Who would win this duel: Sterling Archer VS Black Dynamite?
Who would be most likely to win in WW3?
Would Kuk Sool Won help in a fight?
Who'd win, Master chief, Sheperd and boba fett vs Jesus, Doomguy, and Reaper?
Who would win the war between the USA and Russia for Syria?
Who would win, Cain Velasquez vs 7 Barack Obamas?
Who wins an hypothetical war between Nigeria and UAE?
R/whowouldwin Presents: The First-Ever Great Balls of Fire PPV
Would Sonic the Hedgehog or the Flash win in a race?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and the Hulk?
Why does it seem like there is a never-ending fight between theism and atheism, republicans and democrats, white and black, etc.?
Who would win, DCEU Batman or MCU Vulture?
Why do some people want WW3, even though it is a hypothetical successor to WW2?
Who would win out of A bear with sharks for arms VS A shark with bears for arms, and why?
Prime Mike Tyson vs. Clawless and Toothless Tiger: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Strongest Game of Thrones swordsman Peter Pevensie could defeat?
Who would win in a fight between a peregrine falcon and a gyrfalcon?
Subreddit Defaults
Who'd win, The Superior Octopus vs a gauntlet of Spider-Man’s allies and rogues?
In a race between Richard Petty and Ayrton Senna, with both men driving identical cars, who wins? Why?
Who would have the edge out of Rose Tyler vs. The Moment, and why?
Who would claim victory out of Tag team match of a Grizzly Bear and a Kangaroo vs a Silver Back Gorilla and an Ostrich, and why?
Who would win, King Thanos or Dragon God Zalama?
You Vs Wolf Who would win?
If Goku fought Mr. Popo, who would win?
In Naruto, who would win in a fight between Pain and Orochimaru, and why?
If all Marvel and DC characters fought to the death, who would win?
Who would win in a no-weapon fight: a fit and strong modern-day human or a hunter gatherer from 20,000 years ago?
Disney Villian Battle Royale
In a wrestling match between Narendra Modi and Yogi Adityanath, who would win?
How powerful can Saitama get if given enough time?
Chimpanzee vs. Wolf, which animal would win? Why?
Who would win in a fight between a freshwater dolphin and a water buffalo?
Who would be the winner out of Two T-rexes with Winter Soldier arms vs. 20 gorillas with smoke bombs and slingshots, and why?
What would win in an all out battle between a Nimitz Class Aircraft carrier and a fleet of 10 Arleigh Burke-class destroyers?
Who would win in a war of genocide: Americans vs. the entire world?
you and 20,000 navy seals vs an army of animals Who would win?
Who would win World War III? What would be the consequences?
Who would win in a fight, Falcon or Vulture?
Mister Terrific vs Black Panther - who would win?
Can you beat Lightning Mcqueen?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Lady Deadpool, Killer Frost, Girl Flash, and Starfire vs. Deadpool, Jack Frost, Flash, and Human Torch?
Who would win this fight: Ghostface VS. Ghostface?
Who would win, Vanguard Action Squad vs League of Villains?
Bakugou vs. Genos: Who would win?
Who'd win, Deadpool vs Luffy?
What do you think Trump calls about Jerusalem Palestine uniting the Muslims in this case? Are people all over the world ready for World War 3?
You with a random power are inserted into the plot of Infinity War. How do you change things around? Who would win?
Inspired by Swarlsonegger's post. Is there any Jedi or Sith, EU or otherwise, that could defeat Mogu of the Green Lantern Corps in single combat?
Who would win in a fight, Son Goku or Sun Wukong?
Who would win, Imperium of Man or Borg?
In a full on war between two countries, will a very well equipped modern military with fairly small manpower, but huge cash reserves, win against a country that is not so well equipped, but has huge manpower and a reasonable amount of money?
An Ant colony vs A Bee Colony
Who would win this duel: Batman VS bloodlusted herd of African Elephants?
The Brave 300 vs All Sixteen Colossi: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between The Punisher and The Red Hood?
How did Japan win the race to being the first country with more charging stations than gas stations?
In a battle of wits on the subject of Tolkien lore between Thomas Snerdley and Stephen Colbert, who would win?
Who would win this war: Agent 47 vs Titanfall Pilot?
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke or Gohan?
In a battle between a hyena and a wolf with similar size, who would win?
Can Nic Cage Steal the President?
Who will win in a fight between Shiva and Hanuman?
How many Leman Russ Tanks would Leman Russ be able to Wolf before his Wolf gets Wolfed.
What U.S. presidents could John Henry Eden beat in an election?
Who would win in a fight between a Rhesus monkey and a Gibbon?
Is small business vs mega big business going to be a race for who reaches the customer first because they can't win on price anymore?
Who would win a fight between Dominick Cruz and Demetrious Johnson?
If the war is declared between South Africa and India, who will win?
Who would win this battle: Guts vs Kratos: the black swordsman vs the new god of war?
the jedi who mastered all form of lightsaber combat and very smart vs the sith who can destroy asteroid via force: Who would be victorious?
What are the best photos of World War II?
Who would win in a fight between a badger and a coyote?
Was there any combat between USSR and the Allies forces during the battle of Berlin?
How many raptors will it take to kill Master Chief
Who would win, El Diablo Full Power vs El Diablo?
Who would win in an every-man-for-himself fight between Gimli, Aragorn, Legolas, and Boromir, assuming Legolas cannot just shoot everyone to death with his bow and arrows?
Who would be the victor out of Bruce Wayne with pocket sand caught unawares, by Dale Gribble with any of Batman's tech and preptime, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Alex Mercer and Cole MacGrath?
Who would win, Prophet of Regret vs Thel Vodamer?
Who would win in a fight between Neji and Spiderman?
Who would win in a fight between an Elephant and a Rhino?
Your favorite character must run a tier of non-combat challenges.
Who would win in a fight between all the direwolves?
Everyone gains the abilities of an apex predator, who wins in a fight to the death?
Who would claim victory out of Michael Jackson armed with a knife V Stevie Wonder armed with an M16 and unlimited ammo on a small island, and why?
Necro-Thor vs Superboy Prime: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Brainiac or Doctor Doom?
Who would have the edge out of Ser Jorah Mormont and Barry Allen compete to, and why?
What are the pros and cons for a King to fight in the frontlines?
Madara Uchiha versus 3 legendary Sannin, who do you think will win?
Who'd win, Kaguya Ootsutsuki, the Progenitor of all Chakra , vs. Caladbolg, the God of Chaos?
Who would win, MCU Captain America and Iron Man find themselves on opposite sides yet again, this time in the Skyrim Civil War?
Who would win in a war in london between squirrels and pigeons?
Who would win, an American bull or an African cape buffalo?
Hypothetical battles: which animal wins in a battle between a Basilosaurus and a modern Orca?
How would your favourite character approach The Twelve Labours of Hercules?
Which species would win in an all-out war, unicorns, centaurs, or pegasus?
Meta: Downvoting: A rant.
Who would win in a fight between Loki and Zod?
Who would win in a war, the Dalek Empire or the Imperium of Mankind?
Who would win a lion, a tiger or a bear?
Who'd win, Navy SEALs from the Osama bin Laden Raid vs British Commandos from the St Nazaire Raid?
Who would win this brawl: The Freeman family vs a rampaging full grown gorilla?
Who would win in a battle between colors?
Who would be the winner out of Mordecai vs Falco Lombardi vs Road Runner vs the Blues, and why?
What happens if Trump wins Wisconsin? How does that change the dynamics of the race?
12 SPARTANS infiltrate modern North Korea to take out government and military bases: Who would be the champion?
Who would win this match: Batman without gadgets vs. Iron Man without Iron Man suit or any other kind of technology?
Why did the Romans conquer?
How do Chinese view the Syrian civil war & the different parties?
Who would win, Frost vs Frost Assault Form?
Who would win this duel: One Mistborn vs 16 Twinborn?
Who would win in a fight between ASOIAF dragons and Inheritance Cycle dragons?
White rhino vs hippo: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight, Pee Wee Herman, a Lamborghini, and a coffee cup, versus Chuck Norris?
Who would win a war between Italy and Turkey?
How many animal seals would it take to defeat 100 Navy SEALs?
Ancient Greek Spartan vs. Navy Seal: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a race: Asfaloth the Elven-horse, who outran the Nine or Shadowfax, Chief of the Mearas of Rohan? Would it be a tie?
If Smash 64 Pikachu, Melee Fox, Brawl Meta Knight, and Smash 4 Bayonetta all fought each other, who would win?
Who would win, 10,000 Unsullied or 20,000 Dothraki?
You are being pursued by a grizzly bear. He will be on you in 60 seconds. All you have are the supplies in your pack and large stick. How do you survive?
You must beat Kraven the Hunter and are given the power to took animals abilities Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Aunt May and Goku?
The chances of winning of two race horses A and B are 1/3 and 1/6 respectively. What is the probability that at least one of them will win if they run in different races?
Who would win in a fight between Seven of Nine and Mara Jade?
Who would win this match: Overwatch and Blackwatch vs. Diamond Dogs?
What would happen to the American military if a major war broke out today, considering that much of our manufacturing was outsourced since WWII?
Who would come out on top out of North Korea vs. Somalia, and why?
You and 3 Characters vs A Pride of 100 Robotic Lions Who would win?
28 College Marching Band Tuba Players vs 1 Fully Grown Male Silverback Gorilla: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Have you ever been in a fight? Why or why not?
Who would win, Buu Hakaishin or Lord Beerus?
Who would win this war: Tamago Vs. Dr. Eggman?
King Shark vs. Killer Croc
Team of the Week: Goku Time
Who would win in a fight, Luke Skywalker or Master Chief?
Who would win this fight: Xenomorphs vs other common monsters?
Who'd win, Goat Simulator VS The Avengers?
Who would win between Black Bolt and Shazam?
Who would win in a fight between a Navy Seal and a boxing heavyweight champion?
Who would win in a fight between Jörmungandr, the world-serpent from Norse mythology, and Cthulhu?
In the context of WWII what would be more effective to end the war if dropped on Berlin: 190 one tonne cows or 1 one hundred and nintey tonne blue whale?
Will Hillary Clinton's health stop her from running for President?
Could a spinosaurus beat a t-rex in a fight?
Who would win in a battle between Black Panther and Black Lightning?
I fought with my old BFF and now he turned all of our mutual friends against me, how can I win them back again?
Who would claim victory out of CW Savitar vs Fox Quicksilver and Rogue, and why?
Wonder Woman vs Super Girl, who would win?
Have you ever seen a fight between a student and a teacher?
Who'd win, 100 knights with modern weapons vs 100 Marines with medieval Weapons?
Who would win a war between Turkey and Pakistan?
Who would win this combat: Scar takes Hitler's place, and for whatever no one notices. Can he win World War II?
Who would be the most ineffective Superhero if they were gender swaped?
An amoeba the size of a small cat vs 8 pigeons made of cheese
Who would win this match: Aslan vs Jesus vs Luke vs Gandalf vs Popeye vs Wonder Woman vs Glinda vs Zeus vs Morpheus?
Who would win, Zod on Krypton vs Jor-El?
If North Korea and South Korea went to war without any allies, who would win?
Who would win, the Avengers or the Justice League using the main members?
Who would win if a WWII-era US soldier and a modern US soldier got into a fist fight?
If everything worked out right, is it possible for one side to win and survive fairly unscathed in a war between the United States and Russia?
Who would win, Beerus vs Thanos?
Who would win this combat: Heavy weapons guy VS. Little Mac in a boxing match?
Who would win this duel: Thor vs Homer Simpson armed with pocket sand?
Who would win the fight between Son Gokou versus Superman Prime, based on the logical calculations of abilities, speed, strength, and powers?
Who would win Darth Tyranus or Kylo Ren?
Who would win in a fight, Cell Jr. or Android 17?
Who would win, John Wick vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win out of Godzilla vs Galactus, and why?
Who would win a land war between North Korea and ISIS?
Who'd win, Tai Lung and Shifu vs Luke Cage?
Who can come closest to a Ferbtastic Summer?
Who would win, Peak Chimpanzee vs. Peak Human?
Who would win in a fight between a velociraptor and a modern eagle?
If the states with and without slavery went to war around 1797, which side would win?
In a battle between Q of Star Trek and Thanos of Marvel, who would win?
Who is the strongest character our entire planets population of humans can defeat?
Who'd win, Batman in 'Justice Buster' suit vs Avengers?
Between 1000 Walking Dead "walkers" versus 50 World War Z zombies in a fight, who wins this zombie battle?
Who would win in airsoft: a US Army infantry officer or a professional airsoft player? What if it was a team of airsoft players vs a team of soldiers the same size?
If all Marvel MCU characters fought in a battle royale, who would win?
Who would win, AngryJoe vs The Angry Beavers?
My version of Justice league vs My version of Avengers
Saitama in the Tournament of Power?
Who would win in a fight between Thranduil vs Legolas?
Who would win a mace fight between Karna and Arjuna?
Alex Mercer gets dropped into the Undertale universe.
/u/wr0k vs /u/roypeter6: Who would have the edge?
Spiderman fights some Dinosaurs!
Who would win, Daryl Dixon Vs Dimebag Darrel?
Who would win, Red Tornado vs Vision?
Who would win, Issac Clarke or Sabine Wren?
Who would win this war: A Silverback Gorilla with Adamantium bones vs. A Grizzly Bear with peak human reflexes?
Who’s guilty for the fights between India and Pakistan? Is it Pakistan or India?
John Wick with the Super Soldier Serum, Vibranium armour similar to Black Panthers, and an arsenal of weapons, who could he 7/10 from the DC and Marvel preferably MCU I welcome all: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Beerus vs Zeus?
Who would win this fight: Great white shark vs killer whale?
Who would win, Thanos or Beerus?
xenomorphs invade worm, can the heroes and villains get rid of/contain this threat: Who would be the champion?
Mcu vs Fox’s X-men universe: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Atriox, a Brute versus Captain America?
20 Supermen vs 21 Gokus: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight Dante or Deadpool?
Who would win in a war between the Nazi Wehrmacht and a developing modern-day country?
Who would come out on top out of Race around the world: Wally West vs The Runner vs Zoom vs Shark with Wheel, and why?
Dudley vs. Afro Thunder: Who would be the winner?
Which side would win if Iceland went to war with Faroe Islands?
Who would be victorious out of 4 guys trpping on mushrooms vs 4 cats, and why?
Straw Hat Luffy versus Natsu Dragneel, who wins?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or a being with punches equivalent to a super nova in terms of power?
Who would have won if Sugar Ray Robinson/Sugar Ray Leonard had fought in a boxing match?
What's the strongest animal the perfect human fighter could beat in a 1v1?
If bat man had a smooth, chocolatey black man's voice, could he seduce the joker?
In a battle between a wolf and a dog with the exact same weight which one has the advantage?
Why are people in the US fascinated by who would win a war between them and anyone else?
You vs the r/whowouldwin moderators in a fight to the death
Who would win between a striker and a grappler?
Who would win in a war: Aztecs or Pre-Spanish Filipinos? Consider that both countries are close to each other.
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Stephen King vs Stephen Hawking, and why?
An average human wearing superman’s suit vs an average human wearing a suit made of hulk’s pants vs an average human wearing a suit made of goku’s pants
Who would win in a fight between a Super-Soldier and the Sentry? How would the fight play out?
Has WW III begun?
Lightning Bolt Guy vs Star Wars Kid
Who will win if there is war between India and Pakistan in 2017?
Who would win in a fight to the death, three of the world's strongest men or a silverback gorilla?
Captain America super soldier gauntlet
Who would have the edge out of Comics Batman with a day of prep vs. a bloodlusted African Elephant, and why?
All the villains from the Spider-Man movies are going to fight to the death.
Assuming that human beings can reproduce without women in a hundred-years time, and men have built robotic women who provide emotional and sexual comfort, who will win in the war between men and real women were it to erupt?
Who would win a war between USA, UK, France, Germany, Mexico, Brazil, Japan, South Korea, India, Israel, Australia, New Zealand vs China and Pakistan?
The Black Panther VS Batman: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Rundas vs 10 water benders?
Who would win this match: Peregrine Falcon vs. Fox?
Do you think World War III is on the cards? If yes, what may be the consequences? What would be India's condition during and after the war?
If a Roman legion fought a Crusader army, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Doom or Dr. Eggman?
Who would be the winner out of MCU Captain America and Killmonger versus the Human Torches, and why?
What would win in a battle of a pack of African wild dogs or pack of American wolves?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Strange and Voldemort?
Can a modern destroyer win a fight with WW2 battleship?
"And now, your main event, the heavyweight boxing champion of the world, Superman takes on the challenger, he has many names, God of Thunder, God of Hammers, but there will be no hammers tonight, Thor Odinson!"
Which team will win in the fight, Iron Man, Captain, Thor, and Hulk VS Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, and Flash?
Who would have a better chance at winning - Anthony "Rumble" Johnson vs Tyson or Ronda Rousey vs Mayweather ?
What would a hypothetical war between the USA and South Africa look like?
What are the main differences between France and the US resulting in Le Pen losing so heavily there versus Trump winning here?
What can be the alternatives of today's bread-winning education system? How can the rat race be avoided on practical grounds?
Who'd win, Austin Jorgenson vs. Toby Fox?
Who'd win, 800 corgis vs. 10 lions?
Sasuke Uchiha takes Kratos’ place in the God of War trilogy storyline. How far does he make it before he dies?
Who would win, Ultimate Life Form Kars vs Meruem the Ant King?
Who would win out of Honey Badger vs. Bidoof, and why?
10 Wolves vs Tigers: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight a timber wolf or pitbull?
In a war between North Korea and ISIS, who would win? Who would you root for?
How might WWII have played out had the Italians been as well-armed and led as the Germans?
Who would win in a battle between 21 US Spec Ops surrounded by 2,500,000 Achaemenid soldiers willing to fight to the end?
What would a worldwide war without nukes look like?
Who'd win, Obi-Wan is told to unite North and South Korea?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or the White Ranger?
Who would win a fight, Kakashi or Nightwing?
Who can possible defeat a Gorilla with all of Batman's training, knowledge and gadgets.
If angels and demons went to war to determine the fate of humankind, who would you want to win?
Who would come out on top out of Tai Lung Vs. Lord Shen, and why?
Who'd win, Hermoine Granger vs Seven of Nine in a fist fight?
Who would win, Mace Windu vs Black Panther?
Could the infinity stones erase Cthulhu?
If an army of 100,000 light infantry and light cavalry fought an army of 30,000 heavy cavalry, heavy infantry and longbowmen who would win?
Who'd win, Ricardo Martinez vs Little Mac in a boxing match?
The 10 highest-paid actors and 10 highest-paid actresses in the world are locked in a fight to the death. They take on the traits/abilities/strength of all the characters they've played in movies and TV. Who comes out alive?
Which martial artist expert should win in a duel between someone specializing with swords versus nuchakus?
Between Species 8472 and the Galactic Empire, who would win a war?
can Kratos defeat Jane Foster Thor?
Who would win this brawl: Honey badger vs wolverine?
What did India miss by not taking sides during the Cold War?
If war happens between China and India in 2017 than who is more powerful to win the war?
What version of Superman would beat what version of Goku?
Who would win this match: Black Lightning and Static Shock vs Mewtwo?
"The Land Before Time" dinosaurs Vs. "We're Back: A Dinosaur's Tale" dinosaurs
Alexander The Great, Julius Caesar, and Napoleon Bonaparte Play Civilization together. Who wins?
How would a cat fare in a fight with a groundhog?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Nightwing and Red Robin?
Who would win out of Science Fiction and Anime All-Out War, and why?
Who would win, Geralt of Rivia vs Talion?
My cat vs Your cat
Who would claim victory out of Olympus Vs. their roman counterparts, and why?
Could Russia win a nuclear war?
What if the UK had never joined WW2?
Who would win in a battle of wits between a psychopath and psychologist?
Which team would win, the team of Silver Surfer, Sentry, Thor, Star Brand, and Captain Universe or the team of Superman, Martian Manhunter, Captain Atom, Wonder Woman, and Shazam?
All of the US presidents in a street fighting tournament: Who comes out on top?
What would a fight between Darth Vader and Kylo Ren look like?
Who would win in a race between the cops of GTA V and the cops of Watchdogs?
If Tournament of Power happened today, which members will compete in order to protect our planet?
Who would win, Smoker vs. Crocodile?
Who would win in a fight between Deadpool and Vandal Savage?
Who would win, Raikage vs Alex Mercer?
Superman vs. the X-Men: who would win?
Who would win this combat: Grizzly Vs. Crocodile?
In hypothetical aerial war between the US and India and the US has to rely on its aircraft carriers only, who would win?
Who would win in a duel between Mace Windu and Yoda?
Who would win this punch-up: Ants vs Bees?
How would WWII have been different if Spain, Portugal, Ireland and Turkey joined the Axis Powers after the Fall of France?
can young Boba Fett defeat Lord Voldemort?
Who would win, The Gods of Greece vs. The Norse Gods?
If Leonidas’ 300 fought against the Roman legions in the same place as the Persian Xerxes did, do they have any chance to win?
Who would win in a match, Mega Mewtwo X or Arceus?
Who would win if Batman and Daredevil had a fight?
Abraham Lincoln goes through 'Punch-Out!'
Who'd win, Hol Horse vs Obama?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and UAE?
If the five Mafia families and the Crips fought each other at their peak strength, who would win?
Are we able, as modern human beings, to find solutions of win-win situations, beyond the observation, through reasoning upon the lessons of our human past?
Captain America Vs. Batman Vs. Black Panther | At Wii Fit: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, 1 Forerunners vs The Didact?
Who would win a battle between Kallark and Wonder Woman?
Who will win the race, IIT in Bombay or IIT in Madras?
Can a jaguar kill a cheetah or a leopard in a one to one fight?
The Master Chief is now the Master of Historical European Martial Arts. Who is the most powerful that Johannes-117 can defeat?
If lightly-armed troops fought heavily-armed street gangs, who would win? Would the military’s training or the gangs’ equipment win the skirmish? The setting is a neighborhood.
Who will win in a fight between Black Panther and Hawkman?
Gaara runs a Gauntlet
Spock vs. Worf, who would win?
Using a Who Would Win's fighting version of 6 Degrees of Kevin Bacon, can your character defeat Thanos?
If Raiden and Storm were to go against each other, who would win?
During war time, what do you do as a soldier when you arrive at a military base between the time you arrive to the base and the time you leave it for a combat mission?
Rune King Thor would like to have words with the God-Emperor of Man Kind
Who would win in a fight, Donald Trump or Barack Obama?
Who would win in a war between Nazi Germany and the Fire Nation from Avatar?
Who'd win, Pica vs Vergo?
What would have happened if Iran invaded Iraq to support the 1991 Shi'ite uprisings after the Gulf War? How would the world react to this intervention?
Who would win in a fight between a Dachshund and German shepherd?
Who would win this brawl: Leon S. Kennedy and Chris Redfield vs David and Walter?
Who would win in a fight on the woods, a stoat or a pine marten?
Who would win a fight between Roberto Duran and Floyd Mayweather?
Who would win in this war: the USA, the U.K, Japan, and South Korea vs Russia, China, and North Korea?
If somehow war breaks out between India and China, which country has the better chance to win?
Who'd win, Constrictor and Speedfreek vs Batroc and Spot?
Who would win in a fight between Ant Man and the Hulk?
Who would win in a fight between different species of cats: lion, tiger, leopard, jaguar, snow leopard, cheetah, and puma?
Could Owen Grady with a Motorcycle and his trained Raptors track down the Predator on a jungle island?
Who would win in a war between the Imperium of Mankind and North Korea?
Who would come out on top out of MMA vs. Navy Seal, and why?
How many F22 Raptors would it take to take down Ancalagon The Black, and how many would he take down?
Who would win, an SS division or ISIS?
Who would win, Ant-Man vs The Wasp?
If every country had to fight their own national animals?
Who wins, Black Panther or Batman?
Who was the first Indian woman to win the gold medal in the 400 m race?
Our own historical empires versus The Seven Kingdoms
Whose military would win in 2016, China versus the United States?
Who would win in a fight, Green Lantern or Goku?
How powerful would Earth be if all the various devices invented by heroes and villains in Marvel were in public use?
Vegeta vs Zod: Who would win?
Who'd win, Cap and Bucky vs Iron Man: Civil War scene with alternate armours?
How much pushing did phalanx warfare truly involve? Wouldn’t the front ranks be crushed?
Stormtroopers from Star Wars vs Xenomorphs, who would win?
If America turned fascist and began a campaign to overtake Europe would Europe entertain dropping nukes on America for everyone else’s safety? Would they need nukes to win?
Who would win in a fight, Toph or Majin Buu?
Who wins in a hand to hand fight between Deathstroke without powers and Batman?
Hypothetical Scenario:Who would win in a battle between an army of Spartan Hoplites and Medieval Knights?
Any instance where the pacemaker in Track & Field decided to finish the race & win?
Who would win between Wonder Woman and Blossom?
Who would win, Wonder Woman vs. Thor?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Doctor Manhattan?
When will WW3 happen? And will it lead to WW4?
Boxing Match: Stalin vs. Hitler vs. Churchill vs. Roosevelt
If there were a WW3 with conventional non-nuclear warfare how do you think it would play out and which nations do you think would be allies?
Who would win, Lady Shiva vs Nightshade?
Who would win in a fight, Gaara or Sandman?
Who would win in a street fight: Brock Lesner vs. Bruce Lee? Why?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and Dr. Manhattan?
Who would win, A Dalek Empire in its prim vs. Superman Prime?
Who would win, Throg, Frog of Thunder vs Krypto the Superdog?
How does the God Crew do?
Who would win this match: Rick Sanchez Vs. Bill Cipher?
Every Murloc that has ever been killed run a gauntlet
Who would win this battle: The Greek pantheon of gods vs. the Norse pantheon of gods?
Woolly Mammoth vs. T-Rex
Breakfast cereal mascots team up to take on fast food mascots in close-quarter combat. Characters may only use the food they peddle as weapons, along with any abilities or weapons that they typically possess. Who wins?
In a race between loop quantum gravity and the string theory, who would win?
How did the Neanderthals disappear?
Who would win out of Drax the Destroyer vs Korath the Pursuer, and why?
The Red Lanterns meet the Sith.
You gain two random superpowers. Can you survive the enhanced zombie apocalypse? Who would win?
Who would win, Storm and Thor are in a completely flat plain. Behind each of them is a lightning rod. A single lightning strike is about to to form directly between them. Who can get the lightning to hit their respective rod?
Who would win in a fight between the Persian immortals versus the Spartan army?
Captain Jack Sparrow gets a new ship! The Earth.
Who would win in a death battle, Zoro or Sasuke?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Po?
Who would win, Black Canary, Green Arrow, Superman, Captain Atom, Flash, Martian Manhunter, Red Tornado, and Batman vs Amazo?
WWW the War of Memes: Reddit, or 4chan?
Who would win, Water Witch or Green Arrow?
Every real life human who ever lived in an unarmed single-combat tournament
Your favorite character decides to become a dictator. Can they take over these countries and continue to rule them?
Who would win this war: North Korea vs Panem?
Darth Vader and Emperor Palpatine vs Bad Wolf: Who would be the victor?
Who would claim victory out of Archie comic Shadow the Hedgehog vs Vegeta, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Captain America and Lady Shiva?
This deer runs a gauntlet
Who would win, Thanos and Darkseid team up?
Who would win a fight between Conor Mcgregor and Urijah Faber?
How can we stop World War 3?
How would a non-nuclear World War 3 have played out between NATO and the Warsaw Pact in 1985?
Who would win in a fight, Bruce Lee or Naruto?
Who would have the edge out of Thanos Vs The Joestars, and why?
Who would win in a fight, a 19th century Okinawan martial artist or a present day MMA fighter?
Who would win in a fight? Raven Baxter from That's So Raven or Raven from Teen Titans?
Tiger vs. Lion, who will win the race?
Who would win this combat: The strongest people in One Punch Man, Dragonball Z and DC comics fight each other?
You with a very large pizza paddle vs. limbless Anakin Skywalker crawling out of the lava. Who would win?
Batman Vs God the omnipotent creator of the universe: Who would claim victory?
How do you win a tickle fight with a girl?
Who would win this match: Garou w/ Speed force and MUI?
Extreme Dinosaurs vs Street Sharks: Who would be the victor?
If a 420lb bear attacked a 400lb gorilla and the gorilla responded by grabbing both of the bears wrists, how would the rest of the fight carry out?
Would America win a war with Britain in 1930?
What is the difference between a won and a win?
Who would win in a fight between the 10 most powerful Sith and the 10 most powerful Jedi?
You vs You vs You vs You Who would win?
Batman v. Dog the Bounty Hunter - Who would find Waldo first?
What effect could a B-2 stealth bomber have on WW2?
Who would win, Azula vs Toph vs Katara?
Who would be the winner out of Killer Croc vs Bigby Wolf, and why?
Who would survive in the Tournament of Power without any rules at all?
Who would win in a fight: Darth Vader or Ganondorf?
Who would win a battle between an army of velociraptors and an army of rhinos?
Who would win, Jurassic Park Vs. Linkin Park?
Is Iron Man useless in a fight against Magneto?
Who would win, reincarnated jinchuuriki with the Rinnegan or Pain and his Six Paths?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Piccolo?
How many MCU Quicksilvers would it take to beat FOX Quicksilver?
Who would win this duel: Po vs Captain America?
In a war, would you rather control the sky and the sea or the land in terms of technology? Why?
Who would win in a fight between a Caucasian shepherd and Tibetan mastiff?
Who would win in a fight between Queen and Pink Floyd?
Geralt VS Talion Shadow of Mordor: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Trunks vs Future Yajirobe?
Caucasian Shepherd and Turkish Kangal vs 2 Grey Wolves: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Shadow Vs Mewtwo?
Who would have the edge out of Fire Lord Ozai vs Sith Lord Sidious, and why?
Who would win in a battle between a kalaripayattu practitioner and a martial artist of another kind?
How does All Might compare to classic comic strongmen?
Who'd win, Mewtwo VS Meta Knight VS Shadow the Hedgehog?
Could an Average Man in a Banana Suit assassinate the president?
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and MCU Doctor Strange?
Who would win in a fight between Superman Prime and the Hulk?
Bruce Wayne vs Jurassic World Velociraptors: Who would win?
Who would win, Peak Bear vs Peak Tiger?
Ant-man gains control of Chimera Ants. Who is the most powerful he can defeat in the Marvel Universe?
Who would win in this battle among destroyers of worlds, Dave Consiglio versus Galactus?
For each major nations army in WW2 what would be time between enlisting and being deployed into combat?
Who would win a battle between a Dothraki khalasar and the Rohirrim?
Can the US win a war with India?
Is it true that a male adult lion and a male adult tiger can't win over a male buffalo or bull in a one on one pit fight?
What is the weakest real-world animal that Bruce Wayne could never beat?
Who would be victorious out of Captain America vs. Batman, and why?
FINAL FANTASY TOURNAMENT OF IMMENSE PORTENT
Who would win a battle of insults between Groucho Marx and W.C. Fields?
Who would win, Arack or MCU Thanos?
Who would win a battle if the swords Stormbringer and Mournblade fought Soul Edge and Soul Calibur?
Who would win out of Roland Deschain vs John Marshall, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Phoenix Wright and Saul Goodman?
Who would win a fight between Hanuman and the Black Panther?
Who would win in a fight, Mew or Kirby?
Who would win, Jiren vs Reinhard Heydrich?
Every person on earth fights to the death naked, no weapons or armor. On average what rank would these people be?
Who would win if Batman and Sam Fisher fought each other?
You with an aluminum bat vs. Bloodlusted Sun Bear Who would win?
Who would win, Alm vs Kirito?
What land animal would win in a three mile race?
How would a unarmed fight, between Trump and Andrew Jackson go?
What if the 5 major US networks all tried their hands at original, serialized, big-budget speculative fiction dramas?
Who would win this combat: New York vs Dinosaurs?
Hypothetically, if the Korean War breaks out again and a doctor from another country was a former special forces operator, and an American pararescuemen team is a man short due to a WIA member, can the doctor help them by going along?
Who would win: Kylo Ren versus Thanos?
Every President is given a set of Mjolnir Powerd Assault Armour and a squad of Halo Spartans. Who can kill the other presidents and become the Commander and Chief?
Deku vs. Po: Who would be victorious?
Who would be the winner out of bear grylls vs an average u.s. marine, and why?
What will happen in a fight between black mamba and king cobra?
Most powerful Dinosaur that a group of Paleolithic hunters could take down?
How would Vietnam deal with an army of 30,000 terrorists who found their way into Ho Chi Minh City in a hypothetical scenario?
What is the difference between military and police combat training in the USA?
Who wins in a fight between a chihuahua and a spider monkey?
Who will win if there is war in between China and USA?
The Batman and Spider-Man swap cities. Who fares better against the other's enemies: Who would win?
Who would win in a war between Monaco and the USA?
Who would win in a direct war between Israel and Pakistan if no third country intervenes in any way?
You wake up tomorrow to find out that your favourite movie never existed. Do you question reality or do you accept you must be mistaken? Who would win?
Devilman vs Guts: Who would be the victor?
In a team battle royale between every chicken on Earth, every cow on Earth, and every pig on Earth, which side wins?
Would an orca pod be able to kill a megalodon? What would happen in the battle?
What is the point of a Main Battle Tank?
Who would win out of A cat person vs a dog person, at raising a pet snake, and why?
Who is the weakest superhero that could beat the Spectre?
Is there anything in any multiverse that can kill Bad Wolf Rose?
What if Germany defeated Soviet Union but the US defeated Japan at the same time? Who would win between the remaining Axis and Allies? Assuming right after they beat their opponents, either the US or Germany declare war on each other?
Who would win, Genos vs. Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Omega Zarama vs Lord Beerus?
Who would win in a fight between Sauron and Peter Petrelli?
Who is the strongest character that Superman could defeat in one punch?
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke or Gray?
Who would win, Noctis vs Cloud vs Lightning?
Who would win this match: Shadow the hedgehog vs Mewtwo?
Should I get closer to a taller person in a fight?
Genos, Bang, Metal Bat, Watch-Dog Man, Pig God, and King replace the JL in the DCEU. Can they beat Steppenwolf and his legion: Who would have the edge?
What stroke should I do for a 6.5 km open water swim race if my breaststroke and front-crawl/freestyle speed is almost the same when doing 2 km swim in the pool? I don't intend to win, just to complete the distance within the given time.
Who would win this war: Hulk vs Isla Sorna?
How can anyone defeat a character with "Once disbelieved in a real bear so hard, the bear faded away and stopped existing" on his list of feats?
Who would win 1000 US Marines or a stick?
How hard would One Punch Man have to punch the Emperor?
Will war ever break out in Asia?
All pigs vs All Cattle
Who would win, Avatar Korra vs Kangaroos?
could Rocky Balboa beat Captain America in a boxing match?
Who would win in a Tank Battle Between an IS M1A1 Abrams Tank and a Syrian T72?
If all of the X-Men fought to the death, which one of them would win, and why?
Who would win a war between Vietnam and India, if they were neighbors?
Who would win in a sword fight between Samurai Jack and Darth Maul?
How did Sonic get his speed and will Shadow win in the race?
Who would win in a battle between a deinonychus and a dog?
Who would win in a fight between the One Above All and Marvel's Zeus?
Who would win, The lone wanderer vs Jack?
In the future, will wars be fought by PMC's rather than militaries?
Harry Potter v. LOTR v. Star Wars, in an Orchestral battle of the Soundtracks
Who would win in a battle between Valkyrie and Black Widow?
Who would win, Mike Tyson vs Stephen Hawking?
A million male white-tailed deer suddenly appear in your neighborhood. How much damage can they do before they are are killed?
Who would win, the Justice League or Ultron?
Who will win a full scale nuclear war between India and China?
Who would win this duel: The Original 151 Pokemon vs A Billion Lions?
Superman, The God of... Uhm, Kryptonians, has invaded Asgard. Thor must find the multiverse's strongest heros to defeat him!
Who would win in a fight, Gon Freecss or Izuku Midoriya?
Who would win, Kirby vs Kratos?
Tigra v. Cheetah v. Cheetara v. Armless Tiger Man
What would have happened if Arminius did not win versus Varus 9 A.D.?
Who would win in a fight, Joe Calzaghe or Sergey Kovalev?
What is the strongest animal a peak human could beat?
Who'd win, Crocodile vs. 10 crocodiles?
Who would win war between Ironman and Batman vs Superman and Thor?
Who would win in a battle between Sasuke Uchiha or the latest version of Natsu Dragneel?
Who would win, Dogs vs Cats?
North Korea vs The World: Who would be the champion?
Who would claim victory out of Inquisitor Sand Dan Glokta VS Gollum, and why?
13 chimpanzees vs 9 chimpanzees with ak 47s: Who would come out on top?
Who will win in a fight between Colossus and Luke Cage?
Who would win this punch-up: Flash vs Superman?
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs. Gotou?
Which would win, youth versus age?
Who would win in a battle between The Outer Gods and Marvel's Celestials?
Who would win in a fight, Bisky or Izumi Curtis?
What's the largest animal mouse-sized Captain America could beat?
Who would win, Geralt of Rivia vs Aragorn, son of Arathorn?
My team vs yours
Who would win, Tai lung vs Lord Shen?
The Paddy's Pub Gang suddenly find themselves on Vormir, with Red Skull impressing them with all the powers the Soul Stone could grant its wielder. Which of them gets it?
Who would win in a fight between the Darkstalkers verse and Parallax?
Alameda Slim from Home on the Range vs Scar from the Lion King: Who would come out on top?
All else being equal, who would win in a fight between Krav Maga & Aikido experts?
Between Vadra and Mr Modi's aviation minister, who will win in the race to remove the former's name from the no-frisk list?
Who would be victorious out of Emperor of Mankind Vs Wonder Woman, and why?
What would winning a trade war mean?
Who would win in a fight a bodybuilder or a UFC fighter?
How would the 2020 Democratic nomination race be affected if John Delaney managed to win or come second in Iowa and New Hampshire, while remaining poorly known elsewhere?
Assuming no allies are involved, who would win a war between Iran and Brazil, if they would have been neighbors?
Who would win this match: The Expendables vs the crocodiles from the Lake Placid film series?
Who would win in a fight between a fake professional wrestler and a MMA fighter?
If all animals were as smart as humans, which species would dominate?
Agent 47 vs Batman: Who would be the victor?
In a war, one side has all the weapons but the other side has all the ammo. Who wins the war? Try to answer with only the info given.
If Anakin Skywalker fought every ant on Earth, who would win?
How do you avoid pain in a fight?
Who would win, Bruce Lee with Nunchucks Vs Bruce Lee with Brass Knuckles?
Who would win a fight between Juggernaut and Batman? How and why?
Could Darkseid solo the entire cast of Injustice 2 at once?
Ridley VS Team Star Fox: Who would be the victor?
Naked Master Chief with a spear vs 50 bloodlusted stampeding African Elephants
If a normal person could somehow survive holding the Power Stone, and fought the Hulk, who would win?
How would a battle between Saitama and Batman play out?
Who would win in a battle, the Venator versus the ME Dreadnought, the Kilimanjaro one?
If Kitty Pryde and Nightcrawler were to thumb-wrestle, who would win?
Who would win in a war between the USA and Canada with Mexico supported by Russia?
Who would come out on top out of Avatar the Last Airbender vs. Marvel, and why?
Not really a battle, but has Super Man actually met Goku in any canon? If not somebody should try to talk to Akira Toriyama and DC about getting them together for a comic or movie.
The Joker enters the Potterverse a fully fledged wizard. How much insanity can he cause?
Who'd win, A mystery needs solved, Batman and Sherlock Holmes are both on the case. Who solves it first?
Who would win in a fight, Superboy or Boruto?
What if a male snake fights a lion? Who will win? Do you know?
Who would win in a battle between a team of Mr. Fantastic and Iron Man and Brainiac?
Who'd win, Siberian Tiger vs Silverback Gorilla?
Who will win today's game between France and Australia?
What Dbz character would get the biggest power up if you use logic rather then plot
Michelle Obama and Cersei Lannister are switched: Who would be the victor?
Featured Character/Featured Team Schedule for October through December
Who would win a war between south states of USA and north states of USA?
Who would win this combat: A Boy Scout patrol that just got their Totin' Chips and their very own brand-new Boy Scout pocket knives vs a black rhinoceros that really doesn't wanna hurt children but will if it must?
Trump has declared a trade war against the rest of the world, how will this pan out? How long before we see the effects?
Who would win, General Grievous vs Kylo Ren?
What is the period that the fight between Shiva devotees and Vishnu devotees taken place?
Who would win in a battle, between Nair warriors and Afghans?
Who would win in a fight between Geralt of Rivia and Dovahkiin?
Who would win a fight between Moe Szyslak and Principal Skinner?
Who would win, Force Storm or Darth Nihilus?
If different animals had a one-on-one battle, who would win?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Power Girl or World Breaker Hulk?
Who would win, Super-Adaptoid or Amazo?
Who would win: Fox Deadpool with Doctor Strange’s cloak, Infinity Gauntlet with all 6 stones, Stormbreaker, and Thor’s electricity power vs MCU Thanos with all 6 stones?
Were battlefield tactics in wars during the 1600s and 1700s in Europe completely illogical?
All the cats in the world have Deadpool's healing factor, and have wolverine sharp claws, and Cap's intelligence can they take down Isis
every meme ever in a battle royal
Who would win? Dog with a spoon vs a lobster
Who would win, Wolverine Vs. Raiden?
Who would be the victor out of Po from Kung Fu Panda 3 vs. Naruto, and why?
Serials Request Thread for May
In a mini game in the new Kirby game, he is able to hit a meteor that could destroy the planet thousands of light years away with just a baseball bat. With this new knowledge, who is the strongest character he can beat?
Who would win in a fair fist fight between Captain America, Bucky, Killmonger, and a suitless T'Challa?
Who'd win, Bakugo vs Dio: biggest jerk competition?
Who would win in a no-holds barred fight between Bruce Lee and Jon Jones?
Who would be victorious out of Superman and Punisher are locked in a room and aren't allowed to leave until one of them has a moral change. Who cracks first, and why?
What Superhero has the least descriptive name?
Who would win in a war between Albania, Kosovo, Croatia, Bosnia and Bulgaria against Greece, Serbia and Romania?
Who'd win, obama vs clinton?
Who'd win, Black Canary vs. Bucky Barnes?
Batman vs Black Panther in a battle of infiltration: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Ichigo vs the Phantom Troupe?
Can Waluigi defeat the entire Super Smash Bros. Ultimate roster?
Who'd win, Melee fox versus brawl meta knight?
Which country or corporation is winning the race for quantum supremacy?
Who would win in a war between all of Europe in an alliance or all of North America in an alliance?
Who would win in a fight between Kylo Ren and Anakin Skywalker from episode 2?
Who would win in a fight, Doomsday or Loki?
Who would win in a fight of the entire Rebel fleet at Scariff versus the home one?
Who wins the current trade war between the USA/Europe and Russia?
Who would win in a fight between Legion and the Sentry?
Who would win this war: Great White Shark With Legs VS Rhinoceros?
Who would win a war between the United Kingdom and Mexico?
Can a coyote beat a wolf in a fight?
Big Boss has to assassinate Kim Jong Un. The problem? Kim Jong Un has the powers of everything the North Korean people believe him to have.
Superior Spider-Man vs The Batman Who Laughs: Who would come out on top?
Who would win this fight: Badger or baboon?
Who will win if a war happens between India and China? Where will Russia and the US stand? This has been building for 55 years.
Who would win in a war between the US and China with both bringing all their allies that would realistically fight?
Who's the best X wing pilot, Luke Skywalker or Poe Dameron? Who would win in a space battle between the two of them without anyone's help?
Who would win, five NBA centers or five NBA guards?
Who would win in a fight between Ghost Rider and Surtur?
Who'd win, A Lumberjack With Tentacle Arms vs a Shark Riding a Unicycle?
What 4chan makes Shrek to be vs. What North Korea is taught Kim Jong un is.
PepsiMan gets put in a gladiatorial death match against Chester Cheetah
Who would win in a three-way fight between Unicron, Galactus, or the Death Star?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Storm?
Who would win a fight, a blue whale or a Hammerhead shark?
Who would win this duel: MCU Vulture vs Fox Archangel?
Would you rather endure thirty minutes in a room with an adult lion or a hornet?
Who would win in a war between US and Europe?
Can a very angry Hulk beat Franklin Richards?
Why is BJJ more popular than Japanese Jiu Jitsu?
Who would win out of Age Old Battle! Brain vs. Brawn, and why?
What would happen if Nigeria, Angola, and South Africa declared war on Brazil?
How did Floria GUEI of France manage to run faster than her individual race time to win 4 X 400 m relay in European Athletics Championships at Zurich 2014?
Who would win this punch-up: Great Western Shootout: The Man with No Name vs Rooster Cogburn vs Doc Holiday vs?
Pyros the Fire Titan vs Fire-mode Te Ka
If WWIII were to occur, what new technologies would we see?
If every vampires in movies, tv series, anime and other media are to fight in a free for all battle, who would win?
Who'd win, Seven middle schoolers with baseball bats vs a shape-shifting reality warper?
What's the most impressive foe a honey badger could beat?
Who is the weakest fire user that can beat Natsu Dragneel?
Who would win this war: Saitama vs. Composite My Hero Academia character?
An Arachnid Spore meteor seeds Our Earth with Warriors, Hoppers, plasma/Tankers bugs and a Brain Bug. Can We push back and destroy the infestation?
Who would win in a fight between a Star Wars death trooper with a chainsaw and Thomas the Tank Engine's driver with a machine gun?
Who would win, Captain America vs Batman: DEEP LOOK?
Who'd win, Batman vs Spartan 117 in hand to hand combat?
Who Would Win: Post-IW Thor vs Post-JL Superman?
King Arthur vs Ragnar Lothbrok? Mythical and Historical interpretations.
Who would win, Rambo vs Rhino?
Who would win in a hypothetical battle between the American and the German eagles?
Who'd win, Clone Wars Jedi Knight vs. Wolf School Witcher?
Battle of the Signature Attacks
Who would win in a fight between The Question and The Riddler?
Zapp Brannigan is given control of negotiations with a touchy North Korea. How long before nuclear war breaks out?
Who'd win, Wolverine vs a honey badger?
Who would win, Arthas and the undead scourge vs. Sauron and the armies of Mordor/The East?
Who started the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971?
Who would win in a fight that's not to the death, Spider-Man or Iron Man?
Who'd win, Ash Williams vs. Wolf?
Who would win, A NASA trained monkey with a machine gun vs a lion?
How do the cheetahs predators fight them?
Who would win, SSJ4 Gogeta vs Final Form Frieza?
Featuring The Team
Who would win in a fight between Starkiller and Batman?
Who would win: Naruto or Hashirama?
Should you headbutt in a fight?
who would win if they were to fight each other, scarlet witch or the heart of the monster hulk?
Who would win, Double Mangekyo, Kakashi or Killer Bee?
Who would have the edge out of 100 duck sized elephants or 1 elephant sized duck, and why?
Bang Vs. Iron Fist: Who would claim victory?
Who would be the champion out of Six Navy Seals vs Twelve Terrorists in a Zero Gravity Normal Home, and why?
How many ____ would it take to beat Captain America
Who would win, Super Saiyan Blue Vegito vs Fused Zamasu?
If the Xenomorphs fought the Bugs from Starship Troopers, who would win?
Current UFC Champions vs. 15 Animals: Who would be victorious?
Which dinosaur would most likely win in a fight an allosaurus or a T-rex?
Deathstroke's new contract: President Barrack Obama
What's the biggest animal that you could defeat in hand to hand combat?
Which character would win in the fight between Superman versus Whis from Dragon Ball Super?
Who would win, the "National Chief of Imuchakk" Rametoto or 5 Djinns?
How many dogs would it take to kill Catwoman?
Who is the fastest player in NFL history?Let's say it's an all-time race, 40-yard dash, every player is at his peak. Who is in the field, and who wins?
Who would win this war: Wolverine vs. Tasmanian Devil?
Who would win a war between Egypt and Iran with and without allies?
Who would have won in a single combat, Fire Lord Ozai or Uncle Iroh?
50 Roman Centurions vs 150 Navy Seals, both sides are given Roman weapons. Who Wins?
Morpheus vs Yoda: Who would have the edge?
Who would win between a Rafale and an F15 Eagle?
Who would win, Sidra and U8 Angel vs Mystic Gohan?
Who would win if an all out world war between men and women started?
Who would be the victor out of Blade vs IT clown, and why?
What would the average Red Army officer have known about the Western Allies in World War II?
Who is the most powerful slave?
Who would win in a fight, Kale or Broly?
Lightning VS Soul Society
How different would things have been for India if Dara Shikoh had defeated Aurangzeb in the War of Succession?
Who is the strongest person Batman could defeat with his bear hands?
The 76th Annual Hunger Games
Will a Wolverine prey on Raccoons if they are in the same area?
Who would win a boxing match between Muhammad Ali and Evander Holyfield in their primes?
Bull wooly mammoth vs. Bull Triceratops: Who would win?
What would happen if there was a war between India and China with the intervention of other countries?
Joker finds a Death Note. How long until he takes down The Bat?
Who would win, Ultron Mark II or Klaw?
Who would win in a battle between Raja Raja Chola and Akbar The Great?
Weakest western dragon that could beat the dragonborn
Who would win in a fight to the death between Thor and Hulk?
Who would win in a fight: the Lorax, or the Onceler?
What if Black Flash had Hulk's strength and fought Superman in his strongest form, who would win?
The Federal Military vs The 50 states and their National Guards: Who would claim victory?
What wins in a fight, anger or fear?
Who would win in a fight between a coyote and a great horned owl?
Reddit plans to remove CSS. We here at /r/WhoWouldWin support the continued use of CSS.
Who would win in a fight, Pong Krell or Palpatine?
Featured Character/Team Sign-Ups for April through June 2018
Who would be the victor out of Captain so vs Darkseid, and why?
Who would win in an all-out war between Trump's USA and two alien spaceships?
Who would win a battle, Hermione or Annabeth?
African Lion runs a gauntlet
Who would win a fight between Amazo, Doomsday and Superman? Why?
Can the Fire Nation take over America?
2 Polar bears vs 1 Saltwater Crocodile: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between Iceman and Killer Frost?
Who'd win in a fight between Hale Pettit and Christian Weston Chandler?
Who would win, Naruto or Trafalgar Law?
Who would win in a fight: Rick Sanchez or Superman?
Darth Vader is coming to take over Earth. Can President Lex Luthor save us?
World War II, but Germany has the Hulk
Luffy in the Toriko-verse
Who would win, Speedster Oliver Queen vs Barry Allen?
Who would win, Justin Bieber vs. Beethoven?
Why didn't Genghis Khan invade India?
Will Trump win the next presidential race?
Who would win, Infinite Man or Gog II?
Who would win a war between Colombia and Peru?
Who would win the battle: Medieval army vs Zombies?
Black Panther is about to let Thanos’ army through the Wakandan shields when suddenly 300 Spartans appear to defend the small opening. How much better do the avengers fare?
How long would these dogs survive in JoJo?
Who would be the victor out of 800 unarmed clones of you vs 650 clones armed with baseball bats, and why?
Who'd win, Graham Norton Vs. Paul O'Grady Vs. Alan Carr?
Who are the warriors who defeated Karna?
What superhero can defeat a dinosaur?
Who would win in a fight: Hellboy or Ash Williams?
Where can I find out if my SS number is being used?
You with the infinity gauntlet vs income inequality Who would win?
Based on ACTUAL feats, who would win the Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny?
Who would win a non-nuclear war between the EU and Russia with no material or manned assistance coming from other nations?
Who'd win, Galm, Mobius and Razgriz squadron are deployed against Rogue Squadron?
Who would win in a fight, Ezra Bridger or Anakin Skywalker?
Who would win, 1,000,000 knights or 2,000,000 zombies?
The Olympians show up in 2017 to "bring order and stability" to the world, which means taking over it. How far can they get: Who would come out on top?
Who'd win, Saitama VS Spongebob?
Who would win Mortal Kombat, if all the characters were real?
Who would win a war between Saudi Arabia and the other countries in or near the Arabian Peninsula?
Who will win: Martian Manhunter or Superman?
The Heavy runs a Punch-out gauntlet.
Participation Trophy for June 2018 Week 2
Who would win this punch-up: The laziest man ever vs The most apathetic man ever?
Steve Irwin runs a Crocodile Ladder
Who would win in a fight between Captain James T. Kirk and Han Solo?
If alpacas revolted against humans, would they be able to win using surprise?
What would happen if the Soviet Union and Communist China went to war against each other?
Who would win in a fight between The Mountain and Bruce Lee?
A pod of orcas is teleported through time!
Is there a battle between intellect and emotion in American politics? Which will win?
What canon event would change the most if it was a Who Would Win post?
Who can sing the worst song: Nicki Minaj covering Nickelback vs. Nickelback covering Nicki Minaj?
What are the likeliest wars to happen in the next 12 years?
Who would win in a fight, Jason Voorhees or Korra?
What is the easiest race class to win in motocross being a beginner and 53yrs of age?
What exactly are the rules of Westeros, when the king dies does the throne go to his son or his brother? Who is next in line of succession?
50 year-old Einstein armed with a water gun vs two blind bears in an abandoned apartment building: Who would win?
Battle of the Zods
Who would win in a fight between Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman?
Who would win this war: The Covenant VS The Galactic Empire?
In an all out war between vampires, zombies, and werewolves, who would win?
A DotA Battle Ensues..
Who'd win, Someone who can summon a rhinoceros every time they blink vs someone who can summon a hippo every time they snap?
Who would win in a fight between Rocky and Rambo?
Who would win in a fight between Prometheus and Deathstroke from CW Arrow?
Which U.S. president could create the strongest spirit bomb?
What's the strongest character that cannot eat an entire goat in a day?
What is the strongest Iron Man armor than Iron Man can defeat?
Who would come out on top out of 1000 Michael Phelps' armed with plastic knives VS 2 great white sharks with endless hunger, and why?
Who would win the football match between Nigeria and Syria?
Raptor Battle
Who would win, Chakan “The Forever” Man versus Ghost Rider?
Who would win this duel: Raiden and the Winds of Destruction Vs. a Tactical Squad of lore important Space Marines?
Which army would win, Saudi Arabia versus Yemen?
Who'd win, A White Elephant vs. The Game?
Could ego the Living Planet kill Thanos without the Infinity Gauntlet?
Who would win a fight between Alex Mercer from Prototype and a Predator?
Acerage African Rhino vs Average Grizzly Bear: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win a war between Mexico and India? Why?
What would have happened if Israel won the war in 1973?
Who would win in a fight between Ghost and Rogue Shadow used by Starkiller?
Ronald Reagan vs Barack Obama in a battle of charisma: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Leon Kennedy vs Frank West?
Who would win this duel: Team RWBY and JNPR vs. The Gaang and The Krew?
If one were to pit the Batman in a fight against Arrow in their Bale and Amell forms, respectively, who comes out victorious?
All the characters from Super Smash Brothers have a free for all battle. Who comes out on top?
When writing a fantasy story how can you make a fight between two powerful entities epic without being childish?
Which would win, Millennium Falcon versus The Ghost?
The Angels from Evangelion are replaced by various SCPs. Can NERV still defeat them?
Who would win in a race between The Flash and Quicksilver?
Who'd win, The DC universe versus the Marvel Universe?
Why didn't the Naruto developer make a fight between Sasuke and Shikamaru?
Who would win in a battle between an elephant seal and a saltwater crocodile?
Who's the weakest superhero that could beat Cthulhu?
Who would win out of Left Shark vs. Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tube Man, and why?
In a boxing match between Little Mac and Johnny Cage, who would win?
Who would win this battle: Dale Cooper and Fox Mulder take each others jobs in the FBI. How do they do?
All out showdown between: The Sunny Dee Kids vs The Capri Sun Metal Beings Vs The Ocean Spray Farmers Vs The Kool-aid Dude with 10 kids
How would it go if I am a pro boxer and I had to fight a 3rd degree Black belt in Taekwondo? Who would have better chances to win?
Who would win, Superman or Superman?
What if, whenever Germany invaded Poland, Italy joined the allies and declared war on Germany along with France and Britain?
Who'd win, 2635 archers, 5342 sword and shield men and 1110 war elephants VS 890 heavily armed cavalry, 900 pike men, 367 mace wieldere, 20 ballistas and 1000 heavily armed Warhammer weilders?
Can the Narutoverse, One Piece verse, Bleach Verse and One punch man verse beat Merged Zamasu?
r/whowouldwin Royal Rumble Post Show
Who'd win, Tenya Iida vs Dash Parr?
Who would win between MCU Hulk vs DCEU Superman?
How different is the work of Google, Facebook, Apple and Amazon in AI? Who is going to win the AI race?
All of the animals of earth have reached human intelligence. Which species rules the world?
If all the world chess champions came back to life at the height of their playing strength and played in a tournament, who would the top 10 players be?
Who would win, The government of Oceania from 1984 vs the government of North Korea?
If a lion fights with Undertaker, who would win?
In a war between AI and humans, who would win if the main weapons were biological viruses and computer viruses?
Who would win, Base Enchantress vs El Diablo Full Power?
can Shadow Stalker beat an Evil Karma Cole MacGrath?
Who would win, Master Roshi or Master Chen?
Do you think UK will be affected by WW3 and do you think it is imminent or verbal threats?
Every rapper ever, dead or alive, in a hand-to-hand combat tournament.
Who would win if Gordon Ramsay fought Donald Trump without any weapons?
Who would win in a hypothetical match between WC 2003 Australian team and WC 2011 India Team?
Does the Republican establishment think that having Sarah Palin increases the party chance of winning the presidential race?
Floyd Mayweather vs. Bruce Lee in a boxing match: Who would come out on top?
Kevin Durant vs Tom Brady in a fight to the death
Crocodile Dundee vs Steve Irwin: Who would win?
Jerry Mouse vs. BearShark: Who would be victorious?
Without using nuclear weapon on neither side, can USA and Canada fight the rest of the world together?
Every single Fire Emblem lord goes into a battle royale. Who wins?
Who'd win, GoD Toppo vs Goku?
In a fight who would win Jesus or superman?
How many average American fourteen year old boys can a US Navy Seal kill before being taken down?
Who would win in a fight, Superboy or Mewtwo?
Who would win, 5 Spartan-III or Noble 6?
Who would win in a death battle, Vision or Thor, in the MCU?
Street Thunder vs The Warriors: Who would be the champion?
Would an elephant beat a polar bear in a fight?
Who would win in a war between Canada and Judi Dench?
Who would win, Johnny Cage vs the Punisher?
Who would win in a fight between a spider monkey and a gibbon?
How many feral cats would it take to kill a Grizzly Bear?
Who'd win, Clementine from TWD S4 demo vs Ellie from TLOU 2 demo?
Can an unarmed human fight and defeat 10 dogs?
Who is the weakest character that could beat current Goku?
Hypothetically should you fight to get your ex back, would it make you look needy or loving? What are your thoughts?
Strongest Vampire that D Could 6/10
Who would win this punch-up: Shichika Yasuri vs. Tai Lung?
Who would win, Urakaku vs Uraraka?
Who would win in a fight, Aqualad or Percy Jackson?
Who would win, Kingpin vs Bane?
Who would win, Obi Wan or Iron Man?
All Might, Devilman, OnePunchMan, Cyborg 009
Who is the weakest Disney villain that could defeat the Crocodile from Peter Pan
Who would win this match: A 12 year old boy is bitten by a radioactive drone and granted mastery over all kinds of large-scale weaponry. However, his powers don't include anything designed to engage regular humans -- like swords and guns. Who is the strongest character that would lose to NOTHING PERSONNEL KID?
What will be the cause of the dispute leading to World War III in the future?
How would WW3 look like as a bar fight?
How many badgers would it take to overpower a bear?
Captain America runs a Bat-family gauntlet.
Who would win in a battle: Feanor vs Fingolfin?
Mr. Fantastic, Plastic Man, Elastic Man, and Jake the dog. Who stretches the longest: Who would be the winner?
Who'd win, The Marvel Universe and the DC universe are both placed in the tournement of power?
Devil Dinosaur vs Smaug: Who would be victorious?
ALL out war
Would a pack of big dogs like mastiffs, etc., win a fight against one chimpanzee?
Who would win, Tatsumaki vs. Akira?
Who would win in a fight, grass or trees?
If Nadal, Djokovic, Federer and Murray were to do a 100 meter race, who do you think would win?
Who would win between Rune King Thor and a well-fed Galactus?
Who would win, Bear Grylls and his camera man are filming an episode of Man vs Wild in Black Hills Forest, Maryland when he starts being hunted by the Blair Witch?
Who will win in a war between Yuri faction and the GLA?
Cynical's Tournament: Battles
Who is the least versatile character that can kill Miracle Matter?
Who would win, The Big Daddy VS Finn the Human and Jake the Dog?
Who would win between Master Chief of Halo and Jango Fett of Star Wars?
Who would win, Illumi Zoldyck vs "The Magician" Hisoka Morow?
You get the powers and experience of a random Character. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Lord Voldemort or Rick Sanchez?
Who would win in a fight between Spock and Caesar?
Featuring the Honnōji Student Council!
How many human warriors would it take to defeat a Titan god?
Beerus VS Cats: Who would win?
Who is the strongest character the octopus sensei from assassination classroom could beat?
Who would win a battle between the US Marine Corps and the Royal Marines?
Bruce Wayne and Gerlt trade places, who does it better: Who would win?
Who would win a naval battle between the HMS Vanguard and an Iowa class battleship?
Who would win in an amateur boxing match between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Vasyl Lomachenko?
Who would win in a fight, a dog or a coyote?
MCU Black Panther vs MCU Spider-Man: Who would be victorious?
Featured Team: The Piraka
Who'd win, “Evacuate the city. Engage all defenses.. and get this sponge a shield!” SpongeBob SquarePants emerges from the shadows instead of Captain America from infinity war trailer. How do things play out differently?
Natsu in a boat vs. Luffy in the water: Who would win?
Thunder Woman runs a gauntlet.
How many tumblr Social Justice Warriors could a Space Marine Kill in two hours.
What dinosaur would be the most practical for an army to use in battle?
How do you break the pattern of constant bickering and fighting between your children?
Who would win in a fight between a raccoon and a raccoon dog?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Fist and Black Panther?
Did Einstein really coin the term "World War III?" Would World War IV really be "fought with sticks and stones?"
Who would win in a fight between the Super-Soldier and the Sentry?
King Kong vs Indominus Rex
If the Avengers were to fight Galactus, how would they defeat him?
Who would win in a fight between Deadpool and QuickSilver?
Who would win this battle: Gigantopithecus versus a Grizzly Bear?
Quicksilver goes on a killing spree in NYC. How long until he is stopped by the superhero community?
Least friendly character that Casper the Friendly Ghost can make friends with?
Film adaptations of "Sailor Moon", "Attack On Titan" and "Neon Genesis Evangelion" are greenlit by Hollywood: Who would win?
Who would win a war between the US and Iran?
Who would win, The Devil vs Emperor Palpatine?
Who would win in a war between the US and the rest of the Americas?
Who would win, All Might in his prime or Hulk?
Bass Battle: Scott Pilgrim vs. Marceline the Vampire Queen vs. Cassandra Wong vs. William Murderface: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between Jason Bourne and John Wick?
Who would win, MCU Daredevil vs Green Arrow?
Who would win in a fight, Erza or Kakashi?
Who'd win, Luffy, Ace, and Sabo vs Aizen?
Who would win, The Very Hungry Caterpillar vs Sam I AM at a game of Hungry Hungry Hippos?
Who would win in a fight between a kangaroo and a polar bear?
How many 5-year-olds does it take to being an elephant down?
Does FSA still have a chance to win the war since Turkey is helping them?
Haast's eagle versus an adult male cheetah: Who would claim victory?
Who would win between Beerus and hanuman?
Lucid Dream You vs Superman and Wonder Woman: Who would win?
Wonder Woman vs. Sinestro: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this duel: Captain America vs. Dr. Octpous?
What would happen if one unit of a modern jet fighter could be tele-transported in time to the WWII alongside with supplies and crew?
Which side would win in a 1-on-1 battle between a Soviet Tank Guards division and a Waffen SS Heavy tank division on each year from 1940–1945?
Who would win, Naruto Uzumaki vs Killua Zoldyck?
Who would win in a fight between Red Hood and Deadpool?
Who'd win, Rick grimes vs Joel?
What are some examples of nations declaring wars they cannot win? For example: America's declaration of war against Great Britain in 1812.
Who would win in a fight Pre-Retcon Beyonder & Pre-Retcon Molecule Man vs Michael & Lucifer?
Batman will kill.
Who would win in a fight between Thrall and Gandalf the white?
Who would win, Vegeta or Kefla?
Who would win in a fight: 100 house cats vs a human?
Who would win, Izuku or Muscular?
Who would win, Dovahkiin: The Last Dragonborn Vs. Corrin?
Who would win in a tennis match between Serena Williams and Dmitry Tursunov?
What superhero could become the most powerful jedi?
Who'd win, A Panda versus a Silverback Gorilla?
Who would win, Louis Bloom vs Louis Theroux?
If India attacks China, what will China's allies do?
5 men with sledgehammers vs a raging bull: Who would have the edge?
What happens if a cat bites a human?
Can One-Piece Man survive a punch to the head from One-Punch Man ?
How many coked up 1st graders would it take to kill a enraged silverback gorilla?
Who is the better warrior, between Arjun and Hanuman?
Cat Fight
Who would win, The child of Rocky Balboa and One punch man after being dropped on his head repeatedly as a child VS A drunk, horny, and slightly retarded Superman?
Who is the strongest character Casper The Friendly Ghost can beat?
If there was a war between Jamaica and Iceland, who would win?
Hypothetical scenario: a dog attacks my dog and they fight, viciously to the point where I fear for my dog’s life. Is there anything I can do?
Who would win, Cheetah vs ostrich?
Who would win in a fight, Korra or Wonder Woman?
Amateur Hour Number Whatever
Who would win, Gon from Hunter x Hunter vs Izuku Midoriya from My Hero Academia?
Why are kicks to the head permitted under the Kyokushin Kumite rules, whereas punches to head are not?
No one saw it coming: How the UK went to war against the US in 2020? Why?
If all the bears in Russia fought all the bears in North America, who would win?
Who would win, Naruto or Trunks?
Would India be able to win a full scale two-front war against China and Pakistan along with insurgents?
Who would win in a battle between 300 Spartans under Leonidas and Roman Legion under Caesar with terrain similar to that of Thermopylae?
What would happen if Pakistan declares war against Mexico?
Who would win this brawl: Yondu Udonta vs Legolas the elf prince?
You vs 10,000 ants Who would win?
All 45 U.S. Presidents are summoned for an Ultimate Battle Royale. Who comes out on top?
Who would win, Jorge-052 or Sgt. Johnson?
Are rhesus monkeys stronger than humans? Who would win in a fight between a human and a rhesus monkey?
Your favorite superhero vs. a supervillain based on an irrational fear you had as a kid
Who would win in a fight between Adam D'angelo and Mark Zuckerberg?
What are some historical examples of history being written by the losers? Is it true that "history is always written by winners"?
Who would win, Batman Hellbat or Iron Man?
If WW3 were to start, what would be the safest civilized country to escape to?
If Trump uses airstrikes on Syria, will WW3 start?
The NCAA 2015 bracket isn't about Basketball, but the mascots the teams represent. Who comes out on top?
Goku and Superman vs Thor and Wonder Woman: Who would win?
If ever World War 3 starts, how will it end?
Who'd win, Komodo Dragon vs American Alligator?
Why did the United States lose the Vietnam War?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of A Mercury Class Battlestar is found by the Rebel Alliance and upgraded, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Obama vs Putin, and why?
Who would have the edge out of Mjölnir wielding Thor vs Crimson Blitz wielding Lightning, and why?
Theoretically speaking who do you think would win in a fictional fight, the great cthulhu or any single Marvel/DC super hero character?
In a fight, would a chimpanzee win against a strong man?
Who would win, Ghost Rider and Spawn vs. Dante and Virgil?
Who will win in a war between Cixi's Qing Dynasty and Menelik II's Ethiopia in 1901?
Who would win in a battle between Batman and the 3 hillbillies from Wrong Turn?
What Non-superpowered character could survive for the longest time in an isolated city filled with tigers?
Hypothetically, who would win in a war between Yugoslavia and Italy?
Who'd win, Thor vs Zeus for right to be called supreme God of Thunder and Lightning?
Numerical Character Guessing Thread
What superhero has done the best job of actually fighting crime?
Why didn't Varda just send a solar flare and be done with Morgoth? She could obviously do this as she was the creator of the sun in the first place.
Who would win, Nightcrawler vs The Spot?
In a war between the United states and the whole of Africa who will win?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Hulk?
Can the Hulk beat Thanos hand to hand assuming the Hulk is angered enough?
Who would win, Samus Aran with a Green Lantern Ring Vs. Bayonetta?
Who would win: Superman or Beerus?
If all animals assembled to annihalate the human race, who would prevail?
Who would win between Voldemort and Saitama?
Who would be victorious out of Collegehumor VS South Park, and why?
50 navy SEALS versus 15000 Romans. Who wins?
Who'd win, End Game FTL ship vs the USS. Enterprise?
The Great Debate Tourney Round 1
Who'd win, The Rhino vs the RYNO?
What If the Soviet Union or the USSR reunited today and went to war with the USA?
Who would win in a battle between the Ruinous Powers and the Burning Legion?
Who would win if there was the Barbary Lion vs. Siberian Tiger?
14 Mike Tysons vs 1 Silverback Gorilla: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a war between Indonesia and Mexico?
Who would win this punch-up: US Military Branches vs. Themselves?
Who would win in an all-out war between Asari and Turian?
Who'd win, Reptile vs Indominus Rex?
Are we heading towards World War III?
Who would win, a very strong person who has gotten into many fights in his life, or a highly trained black belt in mixed martial arts?
Who would win in a fight: Cthulhu or Superman?
Who would win in a fight between Captain Rex and an Arc Trooper?
Who would win in a tie between The Hulk and Bane?
Who would win in a fight between Nagato and Itachi?
Batman's detective skills are put to the ultimate test...
Who would win in a fight between Arceus and Superman?
Who will win in a war between the Spanish Empire and Polish Lithuanian Commonwealth?
Who'd win, Lenin VS Stalin in bare knuckle boxing?
Who would come out on top out of Superman vs Apocalypse, and why?
Who would win, Corvo, Garret, Mystique, Spy, Ezio, Sly cooper, Octodad, and a Mimic octopus with an IQ of 200 run a gauntlet?
Who would claim victory out of LOTR VS. DBZ, and why?
All was well in the Harry Potter universe, until one day, the fire nation attacked
Who would win between a human and a shark in a 100m backstroke swimming race?
You gain power over the last thing you ate, who is the most powerful you can defeat? Who would win?
Who'd win, A team of a Grizzly Bear, Panda Bear and Koala Bear vs One Hungry Hippo?
Hypothetical Scenarios: The Year is 1975, you've been tasked by the US government to build a cheap but effective troop carrier/supply carrier truck out of a Ford F-350. What do you build?
Who would win in a Twitter battle between Arvind Kejriwal and Donald Trump?
Who will win in a war between Vietnam and all the nations in the former Yugoslavia + Albania if they are neighbors?
Could Russia take out America as quick as a blink of an eye?
Who would win in a fight between a bear and killer ants?
The Presence VS The One Above All: Who would claim victory?
Who will win in a fight between Iron Man and Batman?
Vladimir Dracula Vs. Count Dracula : Who would come out on top?
Which would more likely to win, a walrus or a great white shark?
Who would win this war: The Horseman of War Vs Kratos?
If the aliens in Independence Day attacked the Klingons, who would win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of 2 billion Tyrannosaurus Rex's vs. 5 billion unarmed Bane's, and why?
An Olympic Wrestler vs Boxing Champion
Who wins the race, Modi or Trump?
Who would win, the Angel of U7, Whis or the Angel of U6, Vados?
Captain Universe Hulk vs Superboy Prime, who would win?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Batman vs Wonder Woman, and why?
Is it illegal to record a fight in a public area?
What's more annoying: Hashtags or Selfies?
Who would win in a 1000km swimming race, Aquaman or the Flash?
Can Barney Stinson beat Gary 'Eggsy' Uwin in a fight?
Will the war between the Egyptian and the Ethiopian break out because of the Dam?
Who would win if Naruto fights Shikamaru?
Who would win in an all out battle between the gods of Asgard versus the gods of Olympus in the Marvel comics?
Who'd win, WhoWouldWin vs Comic Vine?
Was anyone else a little disappointed in the lightsaber fight between Kylo Ren and Rey?
Which animal would win in a battle between a Wolverine and a Honey Badger?
Was it ever possible for the Central Powers to win the first world war?
Why did Russia, Germany, France and UK enter World War 1?
Buffy The Vampire Slayer vs MCU Ladder
Who would win in a war between strictly Germany, France, Spain, and Italy against the UK?
Honey badger vs lions: Who would be victorious?
If a shih tzu fought a 13 year old, who would win?
Who would come out on top out of Metal Bat vs Gavel, and why?
Hypotethical fight: who would win in a fight between a man/women with mental strength or a man/women with body strength?
Who could you beat if you had a million bucks?
If the leopard, and mouse are having a 500m race, who would win?
You vs Me Who would win?
What does the “VS” in recipes mean, “vs blue, vs lemon, and vs cherry”?
Who would win, anything goes Jet Li vs Mike Tyson in his prime?
Hypothetical Wars: Who would win in a war between East Germany and South Sudan?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Goku?
Who would win out of MUI Goku, Superbly Prime, and Death Seed Sentry team up. Who is the weakest character who could beat them, and why?
If Russia and Japan do battle with each other, who would win? The only rule is that they cannot use nukes.
Who would be the winner out of Kanye West vs the prepubescent boys of Call of Duty in a battle of arrogance, and why?
If there was an actual, physical war between Apple and Facebook, and governments didn't get involved, who would win?
If every version of the Hulk fought against each other, who would win?
Who'd win, Black Cat vs Cassandra Cain?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Sunny vs Predator, and why?
Is it possible for a war to break out between globalist and populist nations? If so, what would the scenario be?
Who will win the real fight between Bill Goldberg and Brock Lesnar?
Who would win in a fight to the death: Jason Bourne, Jack Bauer, Mike Ehrmantraut or Alejandro?
Who'd win, MCU Killmonger vs MCU Captain America?
Who would win out of Bella Swan vs Spider-Woman, and why?
Who'd win, elephant seal vs hippo?
Who would win in a death battle between the Hulk and Superman?
Which would win in a fight: a tiger or a giant squid?
Who would win a fight between Hulk and Kratos?
Every Marvel superhero is turned into a Pokemon with types based off their powers. Who comes out on top?
If the Enterprise-E from Star Trek battled an Imperial Star Destroyer from Star Wars, which would win?
Your farm vs 1 billion bullet ants
The Flash, Goku, The God-Emperor of Mankind, Superman, and Batman perform a five-way fusion dance: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, Wolf Haley vs. Slim Shady?
Who would come out on top out of Rocket Science vs. Brain Surgery, and why?
Who would win, Democratic presidents vs republican presidents in a paintball fight?
What if the Polish-Saxon crisis had led to war?
The famous story of a race between a rabbit and a tortoise ends with a moral: "Slow and steady wins the race". Is this moral actually correct?
can Captain Jack Sparrow take over Westeros?
The Joker, Doctor Octopus, Captain Boomerang, the Vulture, and Star-Lord team up to rob Fort Knox: Who would win?
Who would win between Deadpool and Vision?
Who'd win, Mr. Sinister vs. Circe vs. Shou Tucker , with a Twist?
Mjolnir gets duct taped to the Silver Surfer's board, and Thor and the Surfer each try to summon their respective objects. Who wins?
F**k it. Let's go back to the original battle, the battle of the ages, the one true and only battle. CATS VS. DOGS.
If the U.S. and Russia went to a war, who would win?
After the 1812 war, why didn't the Americans try to conquer Canada ever again?
If World War 3 were to take place, will India take part in war?
What is the largest animal that a human can kill with their bare hands?
Technological differences notwithstanding, who would win in a battle between the armies of Napoleon and the armies of Frederick the Great?
Who'd win, Doctor Octopus vs. Laughing Octopus?
What would win in a fight, an SKS or an AR-15?
The White Witch Jadis vs Sauron, who would win a fight?
Cole MacGrath replaces Static Shock in the TV series. How well does he do against the meta humans?
Which would win a battle between a caterpillar and an earthworm?
Who would win in a boxing match between Anthony Joshua and Deontay Wilder now?
The Avengers replace Saitama in his universe. How far do they get?
Who would win in a war between Mongolia, China and Russia?
Wesley Willis gets into a fight with your favorite superhero. Who wins?
Bruce Lee in an Avatar body vs Chuck Liddel on the Mirakuru drug: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight, Doomsday or Blastoise?
Dark Souls takes on Gods of War
Who would win, MSSJ Vegeta vs Cabba?
Doraemon vs. Batman: Who would win?
Who would win, Spawn vs the Ghost Rider?
Who would win in a Pokémon battle between Red and Cynthia?
Who would win in a battle: Spartans or Vikings? Why?
Is a weapon which have a blade in the format of a crescent moon and the handle between the two extreme points of the moon be useful in combat?
How many Anakins does it take to defeat Gaara?
Who would win this brawl: Clifford the Big Red Dog Vs. Dumbo the Flying Elephant?
Who would have the edge out of John Wick has killed Sam Fishers daughter and Sam has killed John Wick's dog. Who comes out on top, and why?
In a war between Egypt and Iran, who would win?
How much did Germany pay in total, as reparation for WWI, in the last 92 years?
All leaders in Civilization V play the game as their country, who would win?
Who would be the winner out of Mankind, given two years to prepare for forced cohabitation on an emergent dinosaur continent, stomped. What if our best toys were taken away? mid 18th century humanity vs Cretaceous, and why?
Ari Gold Vs Les Grossman: Who would win?
Who would be the winner out of Space Wolves Legion vs Black Templars Chapter, and why?
Who will win in a fight between Black Panther and Deathstroke?
Who would win this match: Panda vs Moose?
Who is the weakest fire-based character that could beat Natsu Dragneel ?
Kraven The Hunter runs The Animal People gauntlet
Who would win in a fight, one strong adult human or one velociraptor?
What does the West mean by a ‘joint strike’ in Syria? If it happens, will WW3 start?
Can ant-sized Odin beat skyscraper-sized Superman?
If a country attacks another country which is exactly as powerful as that country who attacked, who is more likely to win?
How can I stop thinking of World War 3 happening and all of us dying from a nuclear war?
Who'd win, Samurai Jack gains the Speed Force and the Shadow Clone Jutsu. Can he beat your favorite character?
Furi Guy vs. Custom Samurai Jack: Who would have the edge?
Using this random superhero generator, who is the strongest character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe that you can defeat?
Why does everyone assume the 2012 Summer Olympics in London will suck?
Horse Racing: Who will win the 2013 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and why?
November 2017 Participation Trophy for Nov 5-11
If India vs Myanmar navy fought in the Bay of Bengal, who would win?
Where did the Third Punic War take place? Why did it take place?
If a lion and killer whale had a fight, who would win?
Who would win, Godzilla vs Doomsday?
How did Batman defeat Superman and how could he possibly defeat Thor, Quicksilver or Hulk?
Which is the *best* on-screen version of Spider-Man?
Who would win in a hypothetical duel between Luke Skywalker, circa Empire, versus Kylo Ren, circa Force Awakens?
Who would win in a battle between The Avengers and Brainaic?
Given enough prep time, can Batman defeat the Flash?
Who can tell a longer, weirder, and more rambling story: Abe Simpson, Grandma Torgue, or Ellis?
Every Redwood tree in the world turns out to be an ent. They begin a rampage on the world. Could we stop them?
Who would win in a fight, Sonic or Vegeta?
Would Sonic the Hedgehog or Speedy Gonzales win in a race?
Why did she let me go without a fight?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Sonic?
Your favorite superhero-ish character, who isn't from Marvel or DC, are sent into those universes to become Superheroes. How do they do?
What are the typical engagement ranges of weapons in a fight?
Captain America, Winter Soldier, Black Panther VS Batman, Nightwing, Red Hood: Who would have the best chance of winning?
The Galactic Empire invades the Lylat System
Who would win in a nuclear war?
Who would win between all Batman suits and all Iron Man suits?
4 Bending Masters in a fight to the death.
Saitama V.S Madara Uchiha
Suppose another nation declares war on the US. Must Congress still declare war in order to release funding, etc., or does the enemy nation's declaration make it a moot point?
Who would win, The God Emperor of Mankind vs Every Force user in Star Wars?
Who would win, Major Kusanagi vs Batman?
Who'd win, The average, real life Honey badger vs a Wolverine?
Who would win, Kryptonite Iron Man vs Superman?
Who would win, Artorias vs Guts in black wolf armor?
Anakin Skywalker commands the Polish army during WW2, does the outcome or events of the war itself change: Who would be victorious?
Who will win a war between Pakistan and North Korea without the support of any other country?
Why is there always a fight between the IAS and the IPS?
After much consideration, I've come to the conclusion that in a battle between Azathoth, TOAA, Overmonitor, Illuvitar, and Ein-Sof, the winner would be...
Who would win in a war between England and Ireland?
Who would win a war between Indonesia and America?
Who would win, Zarya or Zarya?
What happens to Cadets or Midshipmen in their respective ROTC program if a war is declared while enrolled?
Aside from an elephant, what modern-day animal could beat a Polar Bear?
Who would be the winner out of Darkseid vs Thanos, and why?
Who is winning in the race for the best names for their political “enemies”?
Who will win in WW III?
Who would come out on top out of Mecha Abraham Lincoln vs. Divine Titan Barack Obama, and why?
What books should entrepreneurs read?
Who would win a fight, Kakashi with two sharingan or Itachi?
Who would win in a war between almighty Burundi and the United States?
Who would win, Fat Buu and Basil or Basil?
Who would win this war: Reed Richards, Spider-Man, Captain America, and Wolverine all try to chase and ride the Rhino?
Who would win if all the Titans fought?
Who would win between Raiden and the Powerpuff Girls?
Which one would win between Mantis kung fu and Tiger kung fu?
One Punch Man vs Goku: Who would be the victor?
Wolverine vs. pit bull: which animal would win?
Gipsy Danger is deployed to kill an Ursa Major
Are European automakers going to win the race to producing driverless cars?
Who would win out of A tank vs 40 blood lusted rhinos, and why?
What if Goku, Beerus, Jiren, Saitama, All Might, Ainz Ooal Gown, DCEU Superman and the Justice League, Ben 10, other characters of your choice etc. helped with any major battles in the MCU universe of your choice?
Will WW3 be way more painless but swift and deadly than WW2?
Who would win in a fight - Deadpool and Lobo or Superman and Wolverine?
Assuming you are unarmed and so is your opponent, would you rather fight a navy seal, or an apex predator like a tiger, or a lion?
Who would win, MCU Winter Soldier vs Cable?
Who'd win, Voldemort and the Death Eaters vs. Twilight Vampires?
You gain the powers of whoever you beat. After 8 fights, you have to give up four powers and give them to your final opponent: Black Adam Who would win?
In terms of everything, who would win, the US Armed Forces, or the Galactic Empire?
Who would win in a fight: Hulk versus Godzilla?
Who'd win, Paul Bunyon and All friends vs. the Justice League?
Who would win out of Geralt of Rivia, The Ashen one, and the Dragonborn are transported to typical anime Japan, where they must attend typical anime high school. Who comes out on top out of the 3, and why?
How did Mussolini plan his invasion of North Africa and Greece and why did they end in disaster?
Who would win in a fight between a coyote and a golden jackal?
Who would win in a war between the Holy Roman Empire and the Byzantime Empire?
Who would be a good 5/10 match for The God Emperor of Mankind?
Who would win, CW Speedsters vs FOX Quicksilver?
Clan Wolf vs Legio Invicta: Who would win?
Why didn't the US mass produce a WW II tank design that more effectively competed with German designs than the M4 Sherman?
A new Holy Grail War has begun! Choose 7 characters from any universe to become the Grail's 7 Heroic Spirits!
Who would win out of Tai Lung vs Hareta, and why?
Could Goku defeat the Hulk?
Who would win in a fight, Saitama or Plot Armor?
Who would win in a fight between a silverback gorilla and an American fighting bull?
Who would win, Team RWBY vs Paul?
Who would be the champion out of The Animorphs vs Indominus Rex, and why?
If U.S and India teams up to fight against China and Russia, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Fugaku Uchiha and Minato Namikaze?
Who will win a fight between a gorilla and The Rock a.k.a. Dwayne Johnson?
All dog breeds in a free for all.
Did Chuck Norris actually beat Bruce Lee in a fight?
Who would win, Avengers: Infinity War VS Avengers W/ Ultron?
Who would win in a war between the Allies in Red Alert 3 Uprising and the USA in Generals: Zero Hour?
I cannot throw a punch in a fight. What should I do?
Who would win this brawl: Black Panther vs Batman but they gain various superpowers each round?
Who would win, The Three ghosts of Christmas past, present and future vs Klyo Ren?
Who would win in a fight between Julius Caesar leading a full strength Legion from those times or the Great Heathen Army?
Could Goku beat Zeno if Goku knew the shut up move?
Who would win in a fight Aquaman or Green Lantern?
"Batman" vs. "Batman with an Iron-Man suit."
Who would win in a fight between Martian Manhunter and the Dark Phoenix?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between the Sontaran Empire and the Kree Empire?
Can a jujitsu master defeat a chimpanzee that technically understands & masters ninjitsu?
Who will win in a fight between the Avengers & X-Men?
What do you think will happen to the Republican Party if Donald Trump wins the nomination but loses the presidential race by a small margin?
Who would be the champion out of Geralt of Rivia vs Ankel, and why?
An average man with a knife vs an average man with a baseball bat
Who would win this duel: Godzilla vs Superman?
Who would win this duel: Hippo vs moose?
Who would win this battle: Finn, the Human vs Omi, the Xiaolin monk?
Who would win, Spider-Man vs Monkey D Luffy?
Saitama vs Goku vs Mr. Rogers vs Magic School Bus: Who would win?
Who would win in a war between Catholics and Protestants?
Who would win in a no rules fight, a Kyokushin fighter or a Shaolin Warrior?
If a top-ranked wrestler got in the ring with a top-ranked boxer, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Jason Todd Red Hood and Damian Wayne Robin?
Who would win in a battle between a fully grown tiger versus fifteen average unarmed humans?
Why did it take so long for the German Army to stop fighting after it was clear they had lost the war in WWII?
Who would win, The Crystal Gems VS Josuke Higashikata and the Duwang Gang?
Who would be the victor out of Shardblade or Lightsaber, and why?
In a battle between Asura and Superman, who would win?
Who'd win, The many fictional universes start to merge in a 6 month period of time and the society has broken down into chaos, as the universes fuse society breaks down. How long will you survive the chaos?
If World War III broke out, then what countries in the Middle East would be forced to enter the war?
If Napoleon Bonaparte, Charles XII, or Adolf Hitler successfully invaded Russia, would they have been considered the greatest conqueror in all of human history?
Who would be the winner out of Akame vs Speed-o-sound Sonic, and why?
Who would win in a battle between the NYPD and the Roman Empire?
Every president of the United States are forced to play WipeOut. Who wins?
If there was, hypothetically, a fight between the Flash and Super-Girl, who would win?
Avengers at building a HellBat
Who would win, 100 modern day Navy SEAL's vs 200 SS Waffen?
If you pitted 500 Vietnam era American soldiers against one million Greek soldiers, who would win? American soldiers have 30 clips of ammo each. Their weapon is the M16.
Would President Trump, as commander-in-chief, have the personal power to surrender to Russia if Russia was threatening attack?
Who would win, Starkiller vs Darth Vader?
A ROCK Lobster vs. a life size PAPER mache tyrannosaurus vs. Edward SCISSORhands: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between two MMA fighters and one adult silverback gorilla?
When and how could Frederick II have won the Seven Years’ War decisively and what would have happened then?
Who would win a war between Serbia and Albania?
Battle Royale in the 100 Acre Wood
Who would win outside a MMA ring or octagon, a MMA fighter, or a Jeet Kune Do fighter?
Who will win in a war between the underwater city of Rapture and the floating city of Columbia? Why?
Who would win in a fight between Darkseid and Galactus?
Who's the weakest person who could beat Thunder God Cid
Who would win, Wolverine vs 3 Blue Whales?
Who would win, 10 Hulks or 1,500 t-rexes?
Kill an animal to gain it's power, with a twist
Battle of the Bands:
Inspired by Rolfmoo's cat. Who or what is the cutest entity/creature in fiction?
The Flash is now weakened by 5% every time someone points out an inconsistency with his powers. Can a random comic book fan deplete his powers entirely before he stops them?
Assuming both were still alive and in their prime, who would win in a fight, Bruce Lee or Chuck Norris?
Captain America, Winter Soldier and Black Panther in the final battle of Iron Man 2: Who would be victorious?
Who will win in a fight between a mind reader and someone who can see the future if they're equally strong, intelligent and battle-experienced?
If the vampires from 30 Days of Night fought Sam and Dean Winchester, then who would win?
United States: African Americans vs. Hispanics: Who would be the champion?
King Shark vs Bane
Who would win in a fight between Naruto and Wolverine?
What animal can defeat lion-size Ant?
Xenomorph vs Gorilla: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight, Itachi or Zeref Dragneel?
Who would win in a fight between a space marine and a necron immortal?
Who would win, The dino encounter! Devil Dinosaur vs The Dinobots vs Yoshi?
Who'd win a fight between The Batman in his HellBat armor and Iron Man in his Bleeding-Edge armor?
Which Pokemon would you choose in a fight to the death against Darth Vader?
Who will win in a fight between USS Enterprise and the Avengers?
Who would win between John Wick and Leon?
Who would win, the CW’s Arrow or Netflix’s Daredevil?
Who would win in a fight between Ben Affleck's Batman versus Vandal Savage?
Who would win, Brock Lesnar vs Roman Reigns?
Who would win, Cabba vs SSJ Cabba?
Who would win this combat: Mike Tyson vs Gorilla?
Who would win in a duel to death, if there's a chance, between Grindelwald and Harry Potter?
If there was a civil war against liberals and conservatives, who would win?
Was the King Tiger Tank an effective tank in WW2?
Who would win, 6 Grizzly bears vs 1 African Bull Elephant?
You with prep run an animal ladder Who would win?
Could a single squad of modern US Marines, with unlimited ammunition and invulnerable to injury, defeat every soldier/warrior in history up to this point?
Who'd win, Saitama vs Goku?
Who'd win, Ant-Man vs. The Atom?
Who'd win, Cyborg vs Jax in a boxing match?
Who will win between the Guardians of the Galaxy or Superman?
If there is a sprinting race between Cristiano Ronaldo and MS Dhoni. Who will win?
Featured Character: Train Heartnet
Who do you think would win between China vs America?
Your favourite One Punch Man character who's not Saitama has to get through Dragonball
Who would win this match: Kangaroo vs. Orangutan?
Who would win, 2 Silverback gorillas vs Aurochs bull?
What anime character would win in a fight between Roronoa Zoro versus Sasuke?
Weakest DC/Marvel superhero that would give Saitama a fun fight?
You wake up as President of the United States before the zombie outbreak in the world of The Walking Dead. How do you ensure the Human race survives? Who would win?
Who would win, Anakin Skywalker or Harry Potter? Why?
Who would win, Batman vs Beerus?
Participation Trophy for May 2018 Week 1
Who would win in a fight: Mace Windu and Yoda vs. Count Dooku and General Grievous?
Who would win the one on one battle between the Bismarck and USS Pennsylvania in 1944 assuming the Bismarck had survived that long?
What is the strongest Animal a Human can beat?
Hypotethically, could fascist Italy wipe out the Khmer Rouge and liberate the Cambodians?
Would the costs of a hypothetical second Korean war destroy the US and global economy?
Luffy the vampire slayer!
Who do you think will win between the Spurs versus Rockets in game 6?
If Trump quit the race, might it not cause a tidal wave of support for a sane looking GOP savior-candidate, and make a Hillary win more difficult?
Who would win in a war between Turkey and Canada?
Would you support the androids/deviants if Detroit: Become Human were real?
Who would win this punch-up: Aku has sent Samurai Jack into the far distant land of...Brockton Bay. He must face a hero or villian of equal power in order to return home. Who does he fight?
Who would win, 100lb Chimp w/removed teeth VS. 200lb Man w/removed thumbs?
Who'd win, 10 Saul goodman clones VS a Chimp with a machine gun?
Who would win if all anime characters fought each other, including characters from other media?
Shits gone down at the science fair. Who would win between Dexter/DeeDee and Rick/Morty?
Roland Deschain with a Green Lantern ring vs. individual members of the Justice League: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a 10 meter race between Usain Bolt and a household cat?
If China or the US was to declare war on the other, which nations would side China?
Who would win this duel: Hitmonchan vs Batman in a boxing match?
What are some ways to hit someone with your hand in a fight besides the normal punch?
If DPRK launched a nuclear capped missile at the US, which is intercepted and shot down over water, is it considered an act of war? What would be the response from the world?
Who would come out on top out of Yusuke Urameshi vs. Avatar Aang, and why?
Reaper vs Noob Saibot, the undead shadow assassins: Who would win?
Who would win between Batman and Iron Man, but Batman is willing to kill?
You get the abilities of 1 animal how far can you get in this gauntlet? Who would win?
Who would win, Thanos versus the God Emperor of Mankind?
How many times did World War 3 nearly start?
Who would win in an all-out conventional war between Iran and Afghanistan without interference from other nations?
How does everyone live their lives normally with the threat of WW3 starting?
Every race in The Lord of the Rings fights each other.
Who would win in an all-out fight, post-Crisis Batman or New 52/current Batman?
Who would win this punch-up: 10 gamers vs North Korea?
If war broke out between China and the U.S., which country would Chinese-Americans favor?
Two hypothetical countries exist, exactly the same but their morals. One sees value in human life and the other not, who is likely to win in a war?
Who would win, Quitela vs Beerus?
Who would win this war: Graug vs Rancor?
Who would win, Deadpool vs Punisher?
Who would win, 500 lb. gorilla vs. 500 lb. lion?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Freddy Krueger?
Who would win this war: Iron Man vs Genos?
Who would win in a fight of the UNSC Marines versus Stormtroopers?
Who would win a war between Russia, Turkey, China, Pakistan and Iran united against the USA, Israel and the EU?
Who would win in a fight between Doctor Manhattan and Mr. Mxyzptlk?
Which team wins The Amazing Race 16?
Who would come out on top out of Helen Keller, 35 cats, and a laser pointer Vs Helen Keller with extendo-boxing-glove arms, and why?
Who would win this combat: Strange visitor superman vs Seiya?
How Many War Thunder Yak-9Ts Can a F-22 Defeat Before Getting Shot Down?
1 navy seal vs shrek: Who would be the victor?
Who would win out of Bishop vs Electro, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Les Grossman vs Ari Gold at getting an incredibly career driven assistant to quit, and why?
Provided Thanos is a Titan, would he be able to win in a one versus one fight against the Gods Zeus, Poseidon, or Hades?
Your favorite character now gets pocket sand.
If everyone in the world in the year 1000 fought against the strongest nation today, who would win?
Who would win: a Covenant carrier and it's crew in Halo, or the entire US army?
Who would win in a fight between Beast Boy and Ben 10?
What would have happened if the Seleucid army led by Seleucus Nicator fought an equally large army of Japanese Samurais? Who would win?
Who would win, Saitama vs New 52 Superman?
Who would win a fight between Hulk and Iron Monger?
Can anyone defeat Ein Sof?
Who would be victorious out of 100 standard Mandalorian soldiers vs 100 standard Spartan IIs, and why?
Megamind vs. Gru vs. Syndrome: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a war between an army of Japanese samurai warriors versus an army of medieval European knights?
Who would win, Khan vs Thrawn?
How many wars have we went through?
Who would win in a fight between a cow and a mule?
Expert John Smith sells his Tips about who will win Horse races, or stocks which will succeed. Can a Blogger or other author publish statistics about the success of those Tips AFTER the predicted events without violating Copyright Law?
Who would be victorious out of Lucario Vs Ruby Rose, and why?
Who would win, a super human 10 times stronger or a super human 10 times faster than an ordinary human?
Who would win a fictional war between 2011 Taiwan and 1911 UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the US, and Austria-Hungary?
What is meant by?
All of the ants on earth vs. all of the humans on earth.
Who would win, Blue Beetle or Batman?
A Sabertooth Tiger vs 4 Chimpanzees vs 4 Hyenas vs A Tiger: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a street fight between, John Cena and Connor McGregor?
Who would win: Deadpool or Squirrel Girl?
Would you think that there are any possibilities of a 3rd World War? If so, then what kind of activity can we do as far as keeping our own country out of it?
Who would win, The Predator vs The Trident II?
If World War 3 happens, then how'll the teams be divided?
Who'd win, Akatsuki vs. Aogiri tree?
Who will win, Noragami’s Bishamon or Marvel’s Thor?
Who would win, Madara Uchiha vs Meruem?
Who would win in a fight between Ghost Rider and the Flash?
GoD Toppo vs Goku Black arc: Who would claim victory?
If we were to go into a world war, what people are exempt from fighting?
Who would win this battle: Sombra vs Major Kusanagi?
Who would win, Autumn-class heavy cruiser vs Imperial Star Destroyer?
Cartman V the DB
Who would win between Superman Prime One Million and Molecule Man?
Who would win, Griffindor or Voldemort?
How many great white sharks would be necessary to take out a pod of orcas?
Which would win, a shark or a bear?
Can Mexico get its lost territories back in the aftermath of a WW3, if it happens by chance?
The Flash, Quicksilver, Silver Surfer, Goku, Superman, Sonic and Road Runner all in a race: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Bat Family vs Team Cap at 5 vs 5 basketball?
Who would win in a freestyle "rap battle" between Canibus and Eminem?
Who would win in a fight between Durin's Bane and Hulk?
Who would win out of A Bloodlusted Killer Whale versus a Bloodlusted Goant Squid, and why?
Who would win, between Itachi and Fugaku?
What would happen if Iran and Saudi Arabia went to war? Could that trigger World War III?
Star Wars Episode 7, except Kylo Ren is replaced with Starkiller
Who would win in a war between Canada and Malaysia?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Donald Trump vs Adolf Hitler, and why?
If a Wolverine and a lynx fight, who would win?
Who would win, Neferpitou vs Isaac Netero?
Featuring the Apostles of the Stars
Who will win in a fight, 100 quadrillion wolves or Superman?
Toussaint L'ouverture vs Osceola. Who would win?
Who would win, 50 un-armed humans vs an enraged bull Elephant?
Who would win in a battle between the Illusive Man and the Shadow Broker?
Who would win: Savitar, God of Speed vs. Supergirl?
What makes a person dangerous in a fight?
What is the most powerful superhero ability?
Who would win this punch-up: Conor McGregor vs Donald Cerrone?
Who would win in a fight between DC's Bane or Marvel's Human Juggernaut?
Hector slices Ahab's leg. Moby Dick eats Patroclus
Who was right : Captain America or Iron Man?
Who is the weakest character that could beat Shadow of the Colossus?
Who will be the victor in an unarmed combat between a frenzied silverback gorilla and Captain America?
Morbidly Obese Luke Skywalker vs. A team of Navy Seals
SAS, Navy Seals & Spetznas vs Westeros: Who would be the champion?
What if Alexander III led Russia in WW1?
Who would win the war between the US and Russia if they fought individually?
If there was a battle between Hogwarts, Durmstrang, and Beauxbatons, who would win?
Who would win, Chun Li vs Liu Yungmie?
Who would win in a fight, 3000 woolly mammoths or an M1A2 Abrams?
Who would win this fight: Alduin vs Ridley?
American military v.s. Hogwarts
Who would win a fight between a cybernetic Darth Vader and the Wicked Witch of the West?
In the case of WW3, is it possible that the Turks can finally be deported back to Mongolia?
Who would win in a war between the western and eastern sides of the Greenwich Meridian?
Who would win, X-23 or Wolverine?
Who would win between Itachi and Deidara, if Deidara had his Genjutsu Counter scope?
What would happen if Jiren punched a MCU Leviathan like MCU Hulk did?
Who would win, Jesus Christ vs Twilight Sparkle?
Who would win, 3 Polar Bears vs. A full grown hippo?
Who would win, Lucifer Morningstar or Michael Demiurgos
Who would win this duel: Iron Bull vs Urdnot Wrex?
How many times can max potential Beast Boy kill doomsday
Who would win in a fight between Loki and Batman?
Who wins in a battle between an elf and a man?
If there was a hypothetical match between Barcelona, Real Madrid & Bayern Munich combined XI & Rest of the World combined XI, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Hawkeye or Bane?
What are some lesser known facts about the Indo-Pak War in 1971?
One Eurofighter Typhoon <VS> One F-22A Raptor
Who would win this fight: The Pope vs the Dalai Lama in foxy boxing?
Who will win this soccer match, Sogndal versus Aalesunds?
You with a baseball bat vs Mike Tyson Who would win?
Who's the strongest character that Gray Fox can defeat?
Who would win in a war between Romania and Bulgaria?
Who would win this match: Shane Walsh vs the Punisher?
Who would win, Batman of the DCEU vs the elite group of five assassins under HYDRA called Winter Soldiers?
All World Leaders - Hand-to-Hand Combat
Several teams based on similarities between comics characters enter a battle royale
Who would win, T-Rex vs. The Raptors?
Who would win, Emperor Palpatine or the Senate?
The Doctor vs Dr Manhatten: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight between 8 Velociraptors and a male Siberian tiger?
Who would win in a fight, Sauron or Thor?
Who would win this battle: Kratos vs. Thor?
Featured Character: Esdeath
Who'd win, the new Prime Minister Elect of Canada vs the leaders of the G 20 in a boxing tournament?
Who will win against a hippo and a lion?
Superman v.s. Goku
Who could win if there is a battle between Thor and Loki?
Who would win in a clay court match between Nadal and Djokovic in their primes?
Who would win, Boba Fett and Deadpool run an MCU/DCEU gauntlet?
All talking animals from every Disney movie bond together to form an army and take over a city. Can they do it?
Weakest superhero that could 6/10 Machamp
Who would be the champion out of Shapeshifter vs Shapeshifter, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Humans vs Leopards in the water, and why?
What do UK historians and military buffs think of the American Civil War and how it differs from and is similar to the UK Civil War?
In WWII, knowing Hitler was a devout Aryan supremacist, and knowing he would easily attack allies like Russia, what do you suppose his plans would have been for his Japanese allies or his Italian allies if he were to succeed in global domination?
Who would win, Frieza 95% or King Cold 2nd form?
Who would win, Saitama Vs Izuku Midoriya?
Archer has all his swords replaced with sheep.
Ghost Rider vs Sentry: Who would be victorious?
Did Hitler try to win over Turkey as an ally during World War Two?
Will India get involved if there starts a war between the US and N. Korea?
If we have World War Three, will I still be alive?
Who'd win in a fight, Phil Anselmo or Henry Rollins?
Could Elrond have killed Durin's Bane?
Who would win in a fight, Spider-Man or Ant-Man?
What if black widow and a ton of doombots boarded your house, what would happen?
Who will win in a hancock vs superman fight?
Who would have the edge out of Brethren Moon vs Sin, and why?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs Carnage?
What could your army defeat?
Who would have the edge out of Ryuko Matoi VS Shadow the Hedgehog, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Venom and Slenderman in Slender's Forest?
Bryan Mills from Taken just got his family killed by John Wick, and he kills John's dog in retaliation. Who wins?
Who would win, Composite Justice League vs Composite Avengers?
Who would win in a battle between a clouded leopard and giant moa?
Can the Mongol cavalry break Waterloo's British square?
The White Council run a gauntlet
Who would win this war: Groot vs. 200 Wood lusted beavers?
Who avoided World War 3?
Who would claim victory out of Frieza vs Everyone in One Punch Man, Fairy tail, Naruto, Fullmetal Alchemist, Attack on Titan, and One Piece, and why?
Who would win, Reapers or Zerg?
Who would win in a war between Russia and Germany?
Who would win, Amon vs Batman?
Dante vs Kratos: Who would win?
Who'd win, Rick Sanchez vs. Joseph Joestar?
If you had to pick a roster of 12 Marvel Heroes for a Hunger Games style showdown, who would you pick?
You vs this animal ladder Who would win?
Who'd win, Alexander Anderson VS Nicholas D. Wolf?
Who would win in a fight, Archangel or Spider-Man?
Who would win in a fight between the Green Arrow and Daredevil?
Can your favourite character bring these charging objects to a halt?
What happens if Germany declares war on Benelux and Denmark today? Who would win between those countries?
An army of Call of Duty soldiers controlled by pros vs North Korea
Who would win in a battle between the North Carolina and HMS Vanguard vs the Bismarck and Yamato?
Who'd be a good match in a fight to the death vs Himura Kenshin?
Who'd win, Akainu vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win, Universal Janemba or Ultra Instinct GT Goku?
Who would win in a war between Canada and Mexico?
Who's the weakest character that can destroy the One Ring without help from the fires of Mount Doom?
Who would win between 250,000 modern U.S. soldiers and 1 million WW2 Soviets in a massive urban environment?
I'm tired of seeing T.rex vs Spino fights. How would a Giganotosaurus fair against a Spino?
Who Would Win: Your favorite sports team, or the actual mascot?
Who would win this duel: Hot debate between me and my drunk friends right now. Would you have a better chance with a Rambo knife vs a bear, lion, great white, or alligator?
Who would win this battle: MCU captain America and Bucky vs 5 banana lusted gorillas?
Who would win out of Archimedes with lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it runs a gauntlet, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Broly LSSJ or Team Natsu?
Who would be the victor out of Grey/S.T.E.M vs Movie Badasses, and why?
Who would win between Rey and Ahsoka Tano?
X-men Evolution Nightcrawler is hit by one of Tony Stark’s repulsor blasts the exact moment he opens a dimensional rift to teleport through. Instead of passing though that weird dinosaur world from the show he bounces through Trigon’s version of hell and lands in Titans Tower S04E01: Who would have the edge?
Kirby vs Nibbler in a hot dog eating contest: Who would be the victor?
Black Widow, Taskmaster, Gambit, Moon Knight, Psylocke, Rhino, and Sandman vs a VERY VERY VERY bloodlusted Spider-Man: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a war between X and Y? Why are we as a human race so fascinated in the destruction of each other?
Who does Bill Cunningham want to win the Presidential race in 2016?
The year is 1938. Nazi Germany suddenly gets a single nuke. How does this change the outcome of the war.
Who would win in a fight between 100 airsoft players vs. a single medieval knight on a horse?
Who would win, Korra vs Devil Dinosaur and Moon Boy?
Who would win, SSGSS3 Vegeta vs SSGSS Cell?
Are stormtroopers only humans?
Who would win, Mass Effect biotics vs. Star Wars Force Powers?
If there was a gang war between the crips and the Italian mafia who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: 25 silverback gorillas vs 3 African bull elephants?
The Ghost Busters vs the Grudge Curse, who would win?
Featured Character: The Question
Who would win a battle, 1000 Jedi or Sith versus 1000 Borg drones in an open arena?
How much destruction will World War 3 cause if it happens?
Can the Flash save EVERYONE from Shatterbird?
How many F-15's would be needed to take down an F-22 Raptor?
Who would win: Avatar or Superman?
Who would win, Eve vs covenant vs starcraft?
If WWIII breaks out, which countries will make service a requirement?
Spider-Man vs. Kratos: Who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: The league of super evil vs the Villanos/Vallainous group?
The SCP Foundation VS Galactic Empire: Who would be the champion?
Could human beings fight a war against Vampires in the future?
Wonder Woman vs. Thor: Who would be the winner?
Who would win this duel: Battle of the super soldiers: Captain America vs. Master Chief?
Who would win this punch-up: Panthers vs. Broncos?
If the Immortal Hulk , the Incredible Hulk , and Weapon H had a free-for-all, who would be the last man standing?
How will both Taiwan and Japan be affected, react, and respond if the war between the United States and China really do occur?
Who would win if the NYPD fought Croatia's military in all out war?
If the blockchain block reward goes to the winner of the “Race," how is it that the most powerful miner doesn't always win?
Why did the Argentines decide to invade the Falklands and declare a war they couldn't win?
Who would have the edge out of Balefire vs Meido Zangetsuha, Which one would you choose, and why?
Who would win the fight between Ser Barristan Selmy and The Smiling Knight?
Who would win in a fight, Spider-Man or Lucario?
Denim jeans, T-shirts, and athletic shoes are a world standard in clothing. Did the "American Uniform" win the fashion race?
Barbara Gordon just gained the use of her legs again. Meanwhile, Daredevil opens his eyes and sees for the first time since the accident. Who wins?
Who would win in a battle to the death, Ghost Rider , Doctor Strange, DC/CW Flash , Vision, and Iron Man versus the rest of the Marvel Universe and the DC Universe?
Is the Uttarakhand government giving a scooter as a winning prize, in an 800 MTR race in school, to promote sports?
Who would win in a fight, Captain America or Aang?
Who would claim victory out of 1 Centilion ODIN Space Stations VS Odin, and why?
Who would most likely win a hypothetical sea battle between a Norse longship and an Ancient Greek trireme?
Goku vs Superman: Who would win?
If Overwatch and Clash Royale fought, who would win?
The 2008 Obama campaign replaces the Santos campaign in S6/7 of The West Wing. How does the election go?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 3/27/2016
Who would be victorious out of Ronda Rousey vs. a blinded Silverback Gorilla, and why?
Shadow of the Colossus Showdown
In a hypothetical wars, who will win in a war between the Western Roman Empire and the Eastern Roman Empire in 400AD?
Who would win if Grand Admiral Thrawn fought Grand Moff Tarkin in a fist fight?
Who wins the match, MI or CSK?
Who would win in a fight: Superman vs Narcissism?
Who is the strongest Dragon Ball character that All-Might could defeat?
Who would win, Rick Sanchez or Thanos?
Who'd win, DIO vs DIO: JJBA Dio Brando VS Ronnie James Dio?
Who would win, Shazam or Solomon, Hercules, Atlas, Zeus, Achilles, and Mercury?
If we never take part in a race, then how can we win?
Could Deathstroke beat Wonder Woman in a fight?
Who would be the victor out of Baymax vs. Po, The Big Fat Panda, and why?
Who'd win, Barack Obama vs Michelle Obama - fist fight?
Who would win this war: Kakashi Vs Thanos?
How well did the Polish defend Poland in WW2?
Who would win in a battle between Edward Teague and Edward Teach in Pirates of the Caribbean?
Who would win in a fight between Jon Jones and Fedor Emelienko?
Who would be stronger a son of Female Goku and Superman or a daughter of Wonder Woman and Thor?
Who would win in a tag team match between Black Panther & Blue Marvel and Batman & Superman?
The Mountain runs an animal Gauntlet
Who would win, Black Adam vs Sentry?
Who would win, Superman Prime 1 Million vs. Goku?
The 76th Annual Hunger Games!
The odds are 7 to 15 against the horse Car Naggy winning the third race at Upson Downs. What is the probability that a different horse will win?
All advertising claims for every product ever advertised since the invention of television are now literally true for only you. Who is the strongest character you can beat?
Who would win out of Socialism vs Anarchism, and why?
Who would win, LSSB Broly or LSSB Broly?
What do you think about World War 3?
Who would win in a fight between Anakin and Luke Skywalker from Star Wars?
Who'd win, Knuckles vs. Metal Sonic vs. Shadow vs. Scourge?
Who'd win, The Foot vs. The League of Shadows?
Who would win: Immortal Hulk vs Doomsday?
Who would win, Bowser or Snoke?
Who'd win, Team Ghost Rider vs Narutoverse?
Who would win in a war between the UK and Italy?
What would win in a fight, a Matilda or a Sherman?
If all the memes from 2017 fought in a Battle Royale fight, who would win?
Who'd win, Schlock Mercenary vs Warhammer 40k?
Who would win in a fight, Chuck Norris or Goku?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Jon Snow vs Darth Vader, and why?
Who would win, Vader and Sidious against Steve Rogers and Wanda?
Who would win, Angel vs Edward Cullen?
If a civil war happened in the U.S that was fought by the east west, north and south which side would win and why?
Killmonger actually kills the Black Panther and successfully takes over Wakanda. Does his plan to overthrow several major world governments work: Who would come out on top?
At their prime, who would win, Konoha 12 versus Akatsuki?
Who would win in a real fight, Li Lian Jie or Jackie Chan?
Can Batman defeat female humans with hourglass shaped body and large breasts?
Who would win this duel: Kizaru vs Minato?
Who would have the edge out of Saitama vs Rick Sanchez, and why?
Every ant on earth is suddenly given the urge to seek out and kill all humans. Except humans have 6 hours to prepare themselves for the attack. Who wins?
Who would win if Darth Vader and the Lich King fought in Northrend?
If Osama Bin Laden was at war with Pablo Escobar, who would win and why?
The Burning Legion vs The Demons of Hell: Who would be the champion?
Assuming Palpatine moves first, who would win a fair chess match between Batman and Palpatine?
Who would win out of Kratos vs The Avengers, and why?
What if the two largest apex predators of all time, fought each other?
Who would win in a battle between Arjuna and Hercules?
What would a fight between famous actors look like?
Who would win, Thanos, Apocalypse and Ultron vs Darkseid, Doomsday and Orion?
Who would win in a war between Poland and Lithuania?
How would a conversation between Starfire and Thor go?
Who'd win, Killer Frost vs Hulk ?
Who would win a war between Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan?
Who would win in a fight, Rajinikanth or Chuck Norris?
You get an army of 1000 henchmen, which are combinations of two different animals. Which do you choose and how do they rank against others'? Who would win?
Who would win in a war between ISIS at its height and the Mongol Empire at its height?
Who wins in a battle between three hundred 16th century knights on horseback vs 2,000 gorillas with the minds of a humans?
who would win in a fight between Merle Dixon and Jaime lannister? SPOILERS INSIDE.
What makes North Korea so confident that they can out-match USA in a war?
Who would win in a battle between 3 Roman Legions and an army of Uruk-hai from Isengard?
How many non-Force-sensitive rebels would it take to kill Darth Vader?
Who would win out of Aquaman Vs. every sea creature on earth, and why?
Who would win in an argument between Ramanujacharya and Shankaracharya?
The Big Bad Wolf vs The Undersiders: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight, Piccolo or The Joker?
What if the Galactic Empire encountered the aliens from Independence Day? Let's say that during the height of the Galactic Empire the mother ship from ID4 arrives and begins deploying city destroyers across various Imperial worlds. Who wins?
Animal Weight Class War - Lightweight Division
Who would win this battle: Black Panther vs. Black Manta?
Who would win a fight between Nate Grey and the Silver Surfer?
How many Silverback Gorillas would it take to defeat Clifford?
Strongest being a Saiyan / Kryptonian hybrid can take on?
Who would win, average adult human male vs peak human?
What is the difference between HAL Rudra vs HAL Light Combat Aircraft? Which is better?
The MCU Avengers Add Ant Man to Their Roster. Who Can They Defeat Now That They Couldn't Before?
Who would win, Wolverine vs. Honey Badger?
Who would win in a battle between Monkey D. Garp and Monkey D. Dragon?
How would rule? Two foreign sisters take in a young orphaned child; months later, his estranged mother wants him back.
Is anybody genuinely afraid of World War III starting in the near future?
Presuming lightning an explosions in Avatar move as fast as they do IRL, who is the strongest character Korra can beat?
Who would win, The world's largest shark vs the world's largest crocodile?
Who'd win, Walter White vs Tony Stark?
Who would win, Obama,Dr Doom,Lex Author,Rincewind and Richard Rahl are transported to The game of thrones universe. Who can get to Sit on the Iron throne with the least bloodshed?
Can ODST Fireteam Alpha-Nine carry out the mission on Scarif?
Who will win the race between ZigBee and Wi-Fi by 2024?
Gaston decides to become a superhero. Who's the strongest supervillain he can defeat?
How many timber wolves can 3 silver back gorillas fight off before being overwhelmed?
Who would win in a fight between Marvel's Deathlock and DC's Cyborg?
Why does Pakistan always have war superiority over India in spite of being a much smaller country?
Who would have the edge out of The Slaughterhouse 9 run a gauntlet against Marvel and DC Superhero teams, and why?
I see the following get fights here often. So, assemble a team to kick the asses of Superman, Wonder Woman, Flash, Shazam, Black Adam, Thor, and Goku
Macgyver VS North Korea: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Shadow Mewtwo vs. Golden Frieza?
Who would win in a full scale war? Zergs or Tyranids?
Who would win in a war between California and the Canadian Territories?
Who'd win, The Infinity Jaeger vs. a shotgun that fires two shotguns at lightspeed that fire two other shotguns etc?
What would win in a race, a Ferrari or a Mustang?
If Superman were only allowed to use his Weiner to defeat his enemies, who is the most powerful he could surmount?
What animal would win in a fight in a tropical rainforest, an ocelot or a clouded leopard?
Who would win, Ichiro Miyata vs Ryuuhei Sawamura?
What if Captain America fought against Thor?
Could the Sinister Six take on the Suicide Squad?
Thor with a nunchaku Mjölnir vs Captain Marvel: Who would be the champion?
Every superhero or villain now has the powers or form described by their name, and nothing else. Who gains or loses the most?
If the USS Enterprise NCC-1701 went against a super star destroyer, who would win that battle?
Who would win in a fight: Brock Lesnar or a chimpanzee?
Tier list of currently living people
Who would win this punch-up: The Isle of Thunder Vs. Atlantis?
Who would win if there is a fight between Doraemon and Perman?
Who would win a fight between Brock Lesnar and Scott Steiner
Who would win, Calamity Ganon or Supreme Leader Snoke?
Who would win this punch-up: A Lego Star Wars Jedi vs A Dire Badger?
What would happen if North America went to war with the rest of the world?
Who would win in a fight between Master Chief and Ultron?
Who would win, Lucario vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win, Modern Konoha or United States?
You have to fight the villain of the last game you played, only with weapons from real life. You can have any weapons that isn't an explosive. What is your choice?
Who would win this duel: Lil' John gains the Thu'um "YEAH, WHAT? OKAY!", and runs a gauntlet?
Who would win, Elaine Belloc , or the creator of DC, the Presence?
Two wealthy businessmen get in an argument about their top employees, who would win among them? Hank Hill or Spongebob?
Who'd win, Pinky & The Brain vs Johnny Test & Dukey?
Who would win in a fight between all the characters I currently have on top of my dresser?
Why is Sebastian Vettel booed even after winning a race, whereas racers he is compared to like Schumacher were adored?
What were some large-scale battles fought in extreme weather conditions?
Who'd win, Sonic the Hedgehog and Donkey Kong fuse to create Dankey Kang, the superfast, ring collecting gorilla. Can he beat the Incredible Hulk?
Featuring Greninja
Who would win in a fight, Bane or the Juggernaut?
Who wins the battle in terms of efficiency in cars between automatic or manual?
Who will win in a match of KKR versus GL?
Who would win in a fight, the imperium of man or the entire borg collective?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Wolverine?
Who would win in a boxing fight: KSI or Logan Paul?
Black Cat vs. Poison Ivy: Who would claim victory?
Genos vs Pre-Timeskip Sasuke: Who would have the edge?
Who would Win in a Battle Royale between all Non-Omnipotent Characters Inspired by Yahweh?
Who'd win, ODSTs vs. Skitarii Vanguard?
Who will win in a fight between Megnad and Kumbhakaran?
Who would win the football match between Panama and Albania?
Who would win a fight between Iron Man and Doomsday?
What Superhero would you be the worst at being?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of One Octillion Lions vs. Red One, and why?
Who would win this fight: Joker VS Top Gun?
Who would win, Dumbest human alive vs Smartest Caveman Ever?
Who would be the victor out of Epic Melee Mecha Battle! Jehuty vs Gundam Exia, and why?
What was Hitler's opinion of Hispanics? Would he had them killed?
Who would win, The Rhino vs Rhino Tank?
Every historical leader from Civ 5 plays a megacampaign
Who would win this brawl: 1 Million Krillins VS 1 Super Saiyen Blue Goku?
Who would win a battle between Legends’ Luke, Starkiller, Darth Sidious and Nihilus?
How would the world look like today, had the US nuked China in the Korean war?
If world war 3 starts, could the USA sustain building aircraft for long term, let alone train pilots fast enough?
Off Topic Television and Movie discussion for 2.13.15
Who is the most powerful character that a blind sheep could defeat?
Who'd win, Rick vs The Entire Combined DC and Marvel Universes?
Which country would win a counterstrike-style knockout tournament between the elite special operations forces?
Can Cardi B and Kodak Black share a Kodak Moment with a Kodiak Bear if "Bodak Yellow" were playing in the background?
Who would win a war between Cyprus and Russia?
How strong could the real world make a Hippo?
How many Muhammad Ali's would you need to beat Batman in a boxing match?
Who would win this duel: Woman with baseball bat vs. Man?
Who would win if Darth Maul and Savage Opress fought Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi?
Who would win a war between Peshwa Bajirao and Abdali?
Who would win, Hippopotamus vs Silverback Gorilla?
Who would win, The Demogorgon vs Bigby Wolf?
If an air war broke out between China and Japan, which fighter aircrafts will likely be engaged in dogfights? Who would win?
Who would win, Superman Prime vs Thanos?
Who would win in a war between China, North Korea, Pakistan, the USA, South Korea, and India?
What would win in a battle between Smaug and the Balrog of Moria?
Who'd win, Iroh vs Dr. Gregory House. A battle of wits?
Who would win in a fight, Voldemort or Superman?
Who would win, Dr Doom and his bots vs Perfect Cell?
Between Aragorn versus Robert Baratheon in his prime, who wins this duel? Both carry their signature weapons, of course, and no help from either Gandalf or the Kingsguard.
Who would win in a fight: Conor McGregor or a fully grown kangaroo?
Who would win, Tambourine vs MSSJ Goku?
Who would win in a battle between a Mapusaurus and a Giganotosaurus?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Ness?
Who would win, a mouse or 500 ants?
Who will win, Blue Beetle or Iron Man?
Who would claim victory out of Steve vs The Sentry, and why?
Who would win, Rick Sanchez or the Hulk?
Who would win in a fight, Dracula or King Kong?
What if America declared war on every nation on Earth?
The Thor and Wonder Woman Date part 2: The Vengeance Boogaloo: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, Noumu vs Saitama?
Johnny Blaze replaces Sunspot in Days of Future Past
Do Navy SEAL officers experience combat as enlisted SEALs do? What are the most critical differences between the two?
Villains vs their own willpower. If they appear friendly on 10 episodes of Barney the Dinosaur, they wins $100,000,000: Who would win?
Every Single Superhero in the DCEU, CW-DCU, MCU, and Fox team up to defend Earth from some threat. What is this threat?
Deathstroke is hired to help the Pevensie children take Narnia.
Goku and Superman both gain new random powers, how does the battle go: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a UFC bout between Anthony Joshua and Floyd Mayweather?
Who would win in a fight between Homura Akemi and Thor?
Who will win the race for autonomous vehicles?
If Aragorn had a one on one fight with Sauron, who would win? Keep in mind that Sauron will not be wielding the One Ring.
If a war happens between India and China, which country is going to win?
How long does a Team of US Navy Seals last against an endless supply of Roman Legionaires.
How would your favorite hero fare against my invented one?
Who would win in a fight, Mario or Captain America?
Who would be victorious out of The Flash holding Sauron's One Ring vs Stephen Hawking with the Infinity Gauntlet, and why?
Why is it so hard for a horse to win the Triple Crown?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy or Indominus Rex?
Who'd win, Peak Naruto and Sasuke vs. Raditz & Goku at the time?
What is the Taiping Rebellion? It seems like more people were killed in it than WW1, and yet no many knows about it. What was its relation with the opium wars and the downfall of the Qing since they occured at roughly the same time?
Which land animal would win every fight with another land animal? Humans not included.
Who would win this combat: A punk ass bitch vs a giant pussy?
Who would win, Frieza or Cabba?
Chaos gods pick 5 champions from Marvel to destroy the Imperium
Who would win in a race: The Flash or Chester from Linkin Park?
What is the most asked question on Quora?
Who'd win in a modern day war between Germany and Poland?
Who would win in a fight, King Kong or Eren Jaeger?
Magnus Carlsen Vs. Mike Tyson in Chess Boxing: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Barack Obama vs. Stephen Harper?
Who would win in a fight to the death: The Rock or Michael Jay White?
Who would win 500 Irish army soldiers or 450 US army soldiers?
What would happen if America went to war with the rest of the world?
Is there any land animal that could take a zerg hydralisk?
Chester Cheetah vs Tony the Tiger: Who would be the victor?
All cats and all dogs become hiveminds.
Who would win this punch-up: Street Sharks VS Sea King?
Who'd win, The Joker and Lex Luthor have a televised debate over which of their rivals is the better superhero?
Who would win in a fight: raccoon vs badger?
Who would win between Sasuke and Shisui?
Who would win, Spider-Man vs Ant-Man?
What about Tim, is he only limited to his experiences as Robin and not the Red Robin as well in hypothetical fights/battles?
Which materials are used for SS blanking?
Who would win, MCU Hela vs Starkiller?
How should I stop fighting between my mom and dad?
Could the NYPD win a war with Canada? For argument's sake, let's say that the Canadian army was invading NY.
Judged only on sword skills, Himura Kenshin vs Darth Vader
Has WW3 started? I'm worried.
Who would win a battle between Lord Parasurama and Lord Hanuman?
White wolf bowl!
Why did Germany not invade Ireland during the WW2 to use it to springboard into Britain?
All the cats in the world vs all the rats
Who would win in a fight between Annabeth Chase and Reyna?
Who'd win, Battle of the Dragon Warriors: Po vs Corrin?
If a war between nato and russia were to happen who would win?
If an air war broke out between NATO and Russia, which fighters will likely be engaged in dogfights? Who would win?
Who'd win, Thor vs Atrocitus?
Who would come out on top out of Current Magneto vs Current Ironman, and why?
Who would be the winner out of Sly Cooper vs. Fox McCloud, and why?
Super Spy Super Arena Super Death Battle
Who makes America greater again? Donald Trump or Senator Steven Armstrong ?
Who would win in a one-on-one fight Lynx or Labrador?
Who would win, Petyr Baelish vs. The Three Ghosts of Christmas?
Who'd win, 4chan's Shrek vs. North Korea's depiction of Kim-Jong Il?
Who would win, Wolverine vs Captain America, Bucky Barnes and Black Panther?
Naked Jehuty piloted by Dingo Egret vs Wing Gundam piloted by Heero Yuy
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight between Barristan the Bold and Kingslayer?
Who would win in a fight between the Dothraki led by Khal Drogo and Mongols led by Genghis Khan?
What happens to India if war wages between Korea and US?
Who would win, Goku and Vegeta vs Beerus?
Using human intelligence except for the use of tools/weapons , can an average-build man neutralize an omega wolf?
If WW3 breaks out and if all opposing country of BRICS became neutral, will they still continue or will it stop the war?
Who would win in a war between South Africa and Indonesia?
The Office Tries to Survive FNAF
Who would win in a fight, Toppo vs Goku Black in his Super Saiyan Rose form?
Whats the strongest animal a human can kill without any weapons?
Who would be the champion out of Mr. Freeze, Mr. Krabs, Mr. Rogers, Mr. Clean, Mr. Game and Watch, and Mr. Meeseeks are enlisted rob the diamond store from Reservoir Dogs. Who will survive when the police show up, and why?
Quicksilver and The Flash play Ping Pong with a Death Star minimized by Ant-Man technology
Which Superhero and lantern ring would be the worst combo
Who will win, Vader or Mother Talzin?
An Elephant vs. A Tiger
Tuco Salamanca high on Meth vs Brucie on Shark testosterone: Who would have the edge?
How combat effective are the Lizard People of conspiracy-lore?
Lapis Lazuli appears in City A . Today is sale day so Saitama is busy. How will the Hero Association deal with this threat?
Who would win in a death battle, Captain America vs Spider-Man?
Who would win this brawl: Gandalf vs. Magneto?
How much money would Donald Trump have to spend to 5/10 Senator Armstrong, in either a fight or in the elections?
If one were on trial by combat like in Game of Thrones and had to pick a champion to fight the Mountain, and they weren't a superhero or a god, who would be the best choice? Why?
Who would win, The Averagers and the Just-Ice League are pitted in multiple weird games. Which group comes out on top?
John Connor has been assassinated. Who's the best individual, non-Terminator Universe human general that can lead Humanity to a 10/10 Stomp of Skynet?
Who would win, a horse sized duck vs. six duck sized horses?
What is the most powerful character Composite Animal could defeat?
Who would be the winner out of Batman paralyzed from the waist below in a wheelchair vs Superman, and why?
If every Uchiha dead or alive fought Naruto at the same time, who would win?
Who'd win, Stephen Hawking vs. Charles Xavier?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Spider-Man?
Who will win in a fight between a baboon and a gorilla?
Who'd win, The Tick, The Crimson Chin and Popeye form the superhero team "The Lantern Jaws of Justice". Who are the strongest characters they can 5/10?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs Etrigan The Demon?
Who would win, Master Roshi or Yamcha?
Who would win: Tobirama Senju or Minato Namikaze?
Who would win, Kakashi vs Jiraiya?
Who would win in a hand to hand combat between Hrithik Roshan and Salman Khan?
In a fight between Rey and Anakin , who would win?
What is the largest animal that could beat its own weight in wasps?
Who would win in a fight between Amarendra Baahubali and Mahendra Baahubali?
Can you give me a World War III scenario where no one dies?
What happened to the war declared against Brazil by Venezuela and Bolivia?
Marvel human reality warpers free-for-all
Which pre-gunpowder army could defeat a full strength Dothraki khalasar in the field?
Kangaroo vs Chimpanzee: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Superman vs Stepphenwolf?
What branch of the us would win in a civil war hypothetically?
Who'd win, Justice League vs Justice Society?
Who would win, Vegeta and Bulma vs Piccolo?
Professor Layton and Daimon Kaito swap plotlines: Who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Shadow Stalker vs Reaper?
Who would win, Fat Buu vs Basil?
Okay, so pick a match up that was on Death Battle or One Minute Melee, and then name someone who would beat the one who would win, but lose against the one who'd lose with an explanation.
If there was a civil war between Tory voters against all other voters, who would win?
Smash bros original cast as a superhero group what universe could they deal with?
Who would win if all the animated Disney villains fought Hunger Games style?
Who would win in a fight, Neo or the Beyonder?
Who would win a fight between king cobra and Philippine cobra?
Who would come out on top out of A T-rex with machine guns for arms versus a Pterodactyl with chainsaws for feet, and why?
What would a war look like between the UK and USA if no allies or nuclear weapons were involved?
Who would win in a war between USA and and all Eurasia?
Who'd win, Me vs. Bear vs. Bear vs. Bear vs. Bear?
Wolverine vs The Avengers: Who would be the winner?
Who would win this punch-up: Anyone vs an Army of Bulls?
Why is WW3 predicted to start in 2023?
Who would win this fight: The prince of persia vs Ezio Auditore?
Who would win if Burma fought a war with India over the Northeast region? Would India face similar problem as Pakistan did in the East Pakistan 1971?
Who would be the champion out of MCU Thor Vs Apocalypse and his Horsemen, and why?
Can Your Favorite Character Escape?
If a king cobra and a diamond back rattle snake should fight who would win?
Who'd win, Green Lantern but the ring only makes objects out of Styrofoam vs. Firelord Ozai but instead of fire he shoots cotton candy?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and Mexico, if they were neighbors?
How can I beat my friends in a fight? We do this for training and not to harm.
Who would win between Molecule Man and Batman?
Lightning VS Goku
Who would win out of Composite Spongebob vs. a Bikini Bottom gauntlet, and why?
Who would win in a fight between White Phoenix and Cosmic Armor Superman?
What is the most powerful dog that a cheetah can defeat?
Every cow you've eaten versus every chicken you've eaten versus every pig you've eaten
Who would win in a fight: Ravenclaw or Slytherin?
Who would win, Nagato and his Six Paths of Pain vs Sage of the Six Paths?
If all of the protagonists of the Assassin's Creed series fought to the death, who would win?
Who would be the winner out of Lu Bu vs Oda Nobunaga, and why?
Who would in a fight between Galactus and the Celestials?
Who would win this war: 2 F-22 raptors vs 20 P-51D Mustangs?
How do you plan an attack on Uranus?
In an epic rap battle between Osama bin Laden and Papa Smurf, where Papa Smurf could use magic but Osama couldn't, who would win?
Is it possible for a very strong man to fight a bear and win by choking the bear or punching it real hard?
Who'd win, 1943 Japan appears in ocean between the Fire Nation and the Earth Kingdom right as Kuvira forms the Earth Empire. What happens?
Who would win in a battle between all the air forces of the world today against 3 Cylon Basestars, in a scenario where the Cylons try to invade Earth?
Who'd win, Roy Mustang vs North Korea?
Every prop and costume at ComicCon suddenly becomes "real" - which fandom wins in a battle royale?
Who would win this battle: Eren Jaeger versus Jon Snow?
Who'd win, The average college fraternity brother vs. the average male cheetah?
Zuko vs Todoroki in a fight to scar each other's eyes
Which animal would win in a battle between a ferret and a house cat?
Thor vs WonderWoman vs Hulk: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Elsa vs Garra?
Who'd win, Captain America vs North Korea?
Who would win in a single combat between Eddard Stark and Howard Stark?
Who would win in a battle between Darth Vader and Smaug?
What's the strongest animal a Navy Seal with a hunting knife could take out in a cage match?
How does the League of Villains compare with the Monster Association? Which team would win a fight?
Can Dr. Strange defeat Hulk in World Breaker mode?
Who would win, Superman or Dragga?
Why did Britain lose the American War of Independence/Revolutionary War?
Who would win this match: Jontron vs The Nostalgia Critic?
Which algorithm is currently winning the race for the ultimate AI?
How Many Street Sharks Would It Take To Incapacitate The Hulk?
Who would win a fight between Naruto and Konan?
Who would claim victory out of A single tardigrade vs. Goku, and why?
Who'd win, Infinity war Thor and DCEU Wonder Woman vs DCEU Superman?
Fully grown Hyena vs Brock Lesnar and Mike Tyson
Wolverine : How effective will bone claws prove to be in a fight?
Who would win in a fight between Brock Lesnar and Yuri Boyka?
Who would win a hand to hand combat fight between an Australian SAS solider and a US navy seal?
Who would win between Luffy and Goku?
how old does jackie chan need to be before current condition YOU can beat him in a fight?
Who would win, 1 Templar Elites vs Al Mualim?
Who'd win, Silverback Gorilla vs. Lion?
Who is the weakest character that could 10/10 one trillion lions?
Who would win, Geralt of Rivia VS. The Demogorgon?
Who would win, Kylo & Rey vs Captain America & Black Panther?
The Mother of Dragons VS. The Father of Raptors: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this match: Superman vs Hercules?
One will protect you...
Who would come out on top out of North Korea vs the world redux, and why?
Darth Talon vs Obi-Wan Kenobi: Who would have the edge?
Who would be the winner out of Bakugo vs Prince Zuko, and why?
In a hacked Pokemon rom, you are give the option of one of three starters- which one gets you furthest?
Can advertisements/commercials make a Giant Squid as strong as a member of the 'All-Powerful Animal Association'
Blade has been sent to destroy an extremely powerful vampire, but on arrival he only finds a weakling. After quickly dispatching of the monster, out of the shadows comes...
Who would win a Harry Potter Hunger Games?
Who will win in a fight between the Avengers and Brainiac?
Black Panther vs. Batman: Who would win?
Spider-man vs Kung Fu Panda villains: Who would win?
Your favorite character vs a DC-Marvel Amalgam Ladder
How many times larger would your typical fire ant need to be in order to kill an adult male human with ease?
Who'd win, Zach Snyder vs Michael Bay at making a beloved childhood property into a movie?
Who would win in a race, a McLaren or a Lamborghini?
Average Man Vs Tiger Vs Lion Vs Jaguar Vs Cougar Vs Leapord: Who would claim victory?
Who would win a ground war between the US and Russia?
Who would be the champion out of Harry Potter VS Eragon, and why?
Who would win in a battle between a Mi-24 and a T129 attack helicopter?
What motivated Confederate soldiers to fight?
Who would win in a 1 on 1 fight between Naruto and Madara?
Who is the weakest character Arlo and his "critter" from The Good Dinosaur could take on and win 5/10?
You with 30 years of Bat-Prep vs. a gauntlet Who would win?
If there is war between India and Pakistan in current times, and India wins it significantly. What will be changes in terms of geography?
Of what animal would it take the least number of to kill a soldier who has an assault rifle, grenade and a rocket launcher?
Lord Beerus vs Bob the builder: Who would come out on top?
Who would win the fight between Darth Bane and Superman?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Colossus?
Rhett VS Link: Who would be the winner?
What if DC and Marvel fought final fantasy, who would win?
Could Donald Trump be a Democratic plant? Is he trying to help Hillary Clinton?
Who'd win, Movie Amalgam: Captain America/Po vs RotS Obi-Wan Kenobi/Thaddeus Henry?
Who'd win, Captain America vs Chicago crime?
How do you win a street fight?
When a prison inmate is injured in a fight with another inmate, will the injured person receive medical treatment?
Give me a scenario where Joe Biden kills your favorite character.
How many Avatar Korras would it take to beat Gaara?
Who would win in a fight between Doomguy and Master Chief? Only human weapons, on a flat plain with minimal cover and no vehicles or power ups.
Who would win a death battle between Mossad and The Agency from the Hitman series?
Who'd win, Nazi Germany vs. 500 000 lions with laser eyes?
Xenomorphs vs. Master Chief and co: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Steller Sea Lion vs African Lion?
Who would win in a fight, Avatar Korra or Sasuke?
Who would win in a no holds barred fight between Bruce Lee and Anderson Silva?
Who would win this war: Princess Celestia and Princess Luna Vs. Ooooooo boi............ Goku and Vegeta?
What would happen if a war raged between muggles and wizards?
What if gamers fought ISIS with robots, will we win or not?
Why can't the border fight between India and Pakistan be settled?
Who would win, Fire and Lightning!! Cole McGrath vs Firelord Ozai?
Superheroes: Swim race: Aquaman vs Superman who would win?
Metal Gear Solid villain team of Liquid Snake, Revolver Ocelot, Sniper Wolf, Psycho Mantis, Vulcan Raven, Decoy Octopus are dropped into Walking Dead world. How do they fare?
Who would win a battle between Alexander the Great and Qin Shi Huang?
Did the SS and NKVD ever directly meet in combat? If not, what would a confrontation between such forces look like?
You with two Uzi's, two grenades and a combat shotgun strapped to your back vs. Snape, Dumbeldore, Harry, and Voldemort. Who would win?
The Incredibles vs North Korea: Who would be victorious?
Who is the weakest character that can beat Hulk in a HtH combat?
Who would win this battle: Onslaught VS Thanos or/AND Darkseid + Epic Bonus Fight?
Panda King gets possessed by the Mask of Dark Earth . Who's the strongest that he could beat?
Lu Bu vs the Persian Army from 300: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight, Pennywise or Sinister?
Who would win, Herobrine or Thanos?
What would the likely outcome be in a potential war between Sweden and Russia?
Who would win a war between the Western world and the Muslim world?
If there was an all out battle between Zeus, Poseidon, Hades, Superman, Vision, Martin Manhunter, Phoenix, who would win, all that their prime?
Who would win a fight between Tien and Yamcha?
Who'd win, Eren Yeager Vs. Wander?
Who would win in a fight between Severus Snape and Voldemort?
Every historical serial killer in a hunger games style hunting match.
Who would win, Horde or Alliance?
Fully grown male red kangaroo Vs fully grown emu?
What is a good conservative’s book list?
Who would win this fight: Paul's Torterra vs Master Oogway?
Who would win in a fight between Ghost Rider and Deadpool?
Who would be the winner out of DCEU Superman after Justice League Vs. MCU Thor after Infinity War, and why?
Which would win in a fight, a swordfish or a highly trained salmon with a sword?
Drake & Josh, Zoe 101, iCarly, Sam & Cat, Victorious, Game Shakers: Which Schneiderverse sitcom stands the best chance against the zombies?
My friends and I generated random, shitty superpowers... is there a team we COULD beat? Could our team beat you?
Who would win, DCEU Doomsday or comic Hulk?
Who would win in a non nuclear war between USA and Russia?
Goku vs. Thor, Captain America, Hulk, and Iron Man MCU: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Azula vs Azula?
Which race wins in a battle of the Ancients vs. Protoss?
Who would come out on top out of Lets settle shit once and for all! DOGS VS CATS, and why?
Who would win, A suit sentient colony of bees in a suit of armor or a sentient colony of ants inside a suit of armor?
Will there be a World War 3 before 2050?
Who'd win, Thor Vs. Bambina?
Who'd win, Thor and Wonder Woman vs Superman and Hulk?
How would the Cold War and China’s development play out if the Nationalists had defeated the Communists?
Jon Snow v John McLane bare knuckle boxing match
Could we win the War of the Wars if it happened today? Conventional warfare, no bacteria, viruses, or special scenarios.
Jason Bourne vs John Wick: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight: Nick Fury or Batman?
Who would come out on top out of Hippo vs crocodile, and why?
Who could possibly win, the Hulk or Thor?
1 million bus-sized ants try to take over Earth. Would they succeed?
Who would win this battle: Kuma vs. Po?
Who would win in a fight: Gladiator or Superman?
Torgo vs. Newman: Who would be the victor?
Who wins in a fight Cosmic Armour Superman vs Thanos with the infinite gauntlet?
Jack decides to join the Hero Association . What rank does he attain?
Who wins in a fight between a water monitor and a cobra?
Who would win in a fight, kid Goku or Aang?
Who'd win, Rey vs Orochimaru?
Who would win in a war between the Mongol Empire at its height and the Arab caliphate at its height?
Who'd win, Elsa vs the Balrog?
You get random Superpowers. How far do you climb this ladder? Who would win?
Take a character and wank/scale them to their strongest feat. Who can they beat now that they couldn't before?
Who would win in a fist fight between Hagrid and Hodor?
Who would win between Legolas and Chewbacca?
Who would win in a lip sync battle between Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Emma Stone?
Who would win this war: Gray Wolves vs an African Elephant?
How would WW1 have been different if they had combat helicopters?
What if World War 3 happens but no humans are involved, and it’s only fought between animals? How would it start and how would it turn out?
Nazi vampires invade Japan!
Who would win, Sniper Wolf Vs The End Vs Quiet?
Tyrion Lannister demanded a trial by combat. Not surprisingly, no one volunteered to be his champion, but surprisingly, no one also volunteered to fight against him. Now Cersei Lannister will have to avenge her son by herself.
Who would win, Twist on a classic: Canidae vs. Felidae?
Who would win in a fight between a Xenomorph and a Terminator?
Who would win in a battle royale between Shao Kahn, Sauron, Dumbledore, and Raiden?
What advice would you give fiction writers about depicting hand-to-hand combat between skilled martial artists?
A vicious, monsterous fusion of your two favorite species of animals appear in the middle of New York City
Featuring Astro Boy!
Who would win, Master Assassin: Malik or Roberto De Sable?
Who would win in a war between present day Taiwan and Qing Dynasty?
Who would win out of A JoJo vampire VS. A blacklight, and why?
Who would win Naruto and Sasuke Vs Asura and Indra?
Who would win a war between present day North Korea and Imperial Japan during WWII?
Is there any story about the battle combat between one battalion sniper versus the one battalion’s enemy sniper?
Master Chief vs Black Panther: Who would claim victory?
Tazz & Rhino vs Taz & Rhyno: Who would have the edge?
If WW3 broke out what would a modern day wartime US economy look like, and how would it compare to other nations like China?
Who would win: Silver Surfer and Hulk vs Magneto and Blackbolt?
Who is the strongest that a composite One Piece character could defeat?
If a war broke out between east Timor and Papua New Guinea, who would most likely win?
Who would be the champion out of Pack of Xenomorphs vs a Pack of Raptors, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Bronn and Brienne?
Who would win in a fight between Captain America with his shield and Hawkeye with whatever arrow he wants?
Who would win in a fight between The CW Flash and MCU's Quicksilver?
Agent 47 has 24 hours to assassinate the American President. Can Jack Bauer stop him?
Who would win, Jiren vs Whis?
Who would win in a fight: Black Bolt or Juggernaut?
Who would win this brawl: Ghost Rider, Blade, Punisher, and Moon Knight VS Deadman, Talon, Deadshot, and Azrael?
Are you going to make a sock puppet account to win the follower race?
Who would claim victory out of T'Challa, the Black Panther vs Jax, the Grandmaster At Arms, and why?
Who would have the edge out of Settle an argument with my roommates: three wolves vs. one lion, and why?
What is the largest adult male primate liable to lose a fight with an average unarmed, healthy male human?
Who would win? Olivia Pope vs. Harvey Specter
Ordinary humans replace humans in fictional media. Which ordinarily non-lethal character kills the most people before realising something is wrong?
If the USSR had fought the Nazis alone, how much longer would it have taken to win WWII?
Who would win in a race and why: the tiger and the brown bear?
Who'd win, Bellatrix Lestrange, Narcissa Malfoy, & Dolores Umbridge vs Ahsoka Tano, Shaak Ti, & Aayla Secura?
Pick a number between 1 and 5. can you be the last human standing with the power you get?
Who would win in a sword fight between Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May?
Which anime would win in a fight, One Piece or Fairy Tail?
Could The Flash theoretically beat Thor by phasing through Mjolnir, stealing the Infinity Stone inside the Hammer , then phase through Thor, killing him?
Trump wins Indiana and Cruz quits the race, so I am curious to know from the American friends whether whom they are going to vote for the president?
If there were an inhabited planet close to Earth, which reached the same technological level as Earth and then went war with us who would win?
Assuming no other nations are involved, who would win a war between Turkey, Pakistan vs Mexico, Brazil?
In Lord of the Rings, if all Balrogs joined together to fight a mass open battle with every human-looking race in the Third Age, who would win?
Every Ant vs Every Human
Batman has been turned into a bat. Can he convince the New York-based Avengers that the Joker has set up a bomb that will detonate in an hour?
Shadow and Colossus in Shadow of The Colossus: Who would win?
Who will win in a fight between Ser Arthur Dayne and Ser Jaime Lannister?
If there is a nuclear war happening in Europe, would the open sea, be a safe route? And would Iceland be safe?
Who would win this match: Genos VS. Raiden?
Is a Gerber Paraframe knife any good in a fight?
Who would win between Goku before GT and Battle of Gods, or the new 52 Superman?
Superman has to punch a baby to death. If he doesn't, he dies. Can he punch the baby to death?
How do I regain hope about life when everything seems meaningless?
Who would win in a fight between Naruto and Luffy from One Piece?
Who would win, Black Widow or Gamora?
Who would win in a fight between Boromir and Sandor Clegane?
Would a cheetah win in a fight with a leopard?
Who'd win, 5 meter rat vs. 5 inch tiger?
Who would win out of Ant-Man vs Spider-Man, and why?
Who will win in a fight between Ser Arthur Dayne and the Mountain?
Who would win in a fight, Robin or Leonardo?
What's the best description of a fight between swordsmen you've read in a novel?
If every animal in every country suddenly became sentient and waged war on humanity, which country would last longest and why?
Will the inevitable final battle between God vs man or secularism vs religion be fought by the USA and Iran?
Is Caesar powerful enough to defeat Batman?
Who would win in a battle between the entire British Imperial Army in the 1700s and one Spartan?
Who would win in a fight, Blue Beetle or Cyborg?
Who would win, Ezio or Cesare Borgia?
Between Dropbox and Box, who is going to win the enterprise cloud storage race?
Who would win this combat: Indiominus Rex vs Rancor?
Who is the strongest character Captain Falcon could incapacitate or kill with a single Falcon Punch?
Who would win in a fight F-35 or Advanced Super Hornet? Why? Which is better overall?
Gimili is now a dwarf fortress dwarf with legendary status in all combat skills. Can the fellowship achieve their quest, or will Gimili be taken by a fellmood: Who would be the winner?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight between Khal Drogo and Achilles?
Who would win in a battle between Spectre and Eclipso?
If Trump is viewed unfavourably by more Americans, why is he still winning races?
What is the strongest animal or group of animals that a single Walrus could kill?
These 8 ships have to race the Kessel Run
Who will win in a fight between Wolverine and Kalibax?
How many T-Rex's could a Bloodlusted Spider-Man kill?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Korra?
Who is going to win the Barcelona World Race?
Can a military alliance formed by the US, GB, France, Germany, Japan, SK, Australia, and India destroy China?
Who'd win, Thor vs Superman in a phonebooth?
Who would win in a war between the Totally Accurate Battle Simulator and the goat from the Goat Simulator?
Hogwarts graduate vs. a water bender: Who would win?
Who would win in a war between Serbia and Croatia without NATO intervention?
An Elder Vampire of the World of Darkness Vs A Space Marine of the 41st Millennium
Who would be the victor out of Beerus vs Superman, and why?
Who would win in a fight between The CW’s Arrow and Ben Affleck’s Batman in hand-to-hand combat wearing normal clothes and no weapons, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Natsu or Ichigo?
How big would a bloodlusted kangaroo have to be to 7/10 kill a 200 pound top level boxer?
I think that I could kill Son Goku with a marshmallow gun. Can anyone disprove me?
Who would win in a fight: Godzilla or the monster from Cloverfield?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand between Yoda and Black Panther?
Who will win a fight between Black Panther vs Bengal Tiger?
Could my cat convince Lord Beerus the Destroyer to leave Earth alone?
Who would be the champion out of Deku vs Edward elric, and why?
Who would win, a Rottweiler or a Pit bull?
Is there any canon force user who would win against their Legends counterpart?
Mario with FLUDD vs a squad of squids from splatoon: Who would come out on top?
When there is a war between the heart and brain who wins?
Who will win between an elephant and a horse in a race?
Who would win in a no rules but no weapons fight out of everyone who ever lived in their prime?
Sentry vs The One Above All: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Ghost Rider?
Who wins in Spawn vs Batman?
Who would win, Orlondi the Rose or Gelda of the Thousand Temptations?
Who would win, Darth Vaper vs Darth Vader?
All humans are simultaneously shrunk down to 5 or 6 inches tall respective to their original height. The clothes they are wearing when this happens shrinks with them. The rest of the animal kingdom remains the same. How long do humans survive?
Who would win in a giant hammer fight, anime or cartoon?
Who would win, North Korea vs South Korea?
How many penguins would it take to kill a polar bear?
Who can train an ordinary barnyard sheep to find and then kill Batman?
Strongest being bloodlusted Alien force Ben ten could beat?
God/Burning Gundam vs Gurren Lagann
The crew of the Normandy are tasked with taking the head of the Apprentice Star Killer
Would a grown man beat a raccoon in a fight?
Who would win in a war between the EU and India if no nukes are used?
Who would win this war: Marx Soul is teleported from his universe just before he battles with Kirby and finds himself in the land of DBZ. Who is the strongest character he can conquer?
Kid Goku vs Kai: Who would have the edge?
Which team has a better chance of winning the IPL 2018 trophy, CSK or SRH? Why?
Is being short a disadvantage in a fight?
Who would win in a fight, Denki Kaminari or Pikachu?
Alucard wants to kill the animals on the island where Android 17 works. Android 17 is busy at the Tournament of Power. Can Goten and Trunks hold him off until the Z Fighters return? Who would win?
Who'd win, The dog the Presence manifests as vs. the homeless guy TOAA manifests as?
Hippopotamus runs a gauntlet
Who would win in an power fight a fire or an lightning wielder?
Your favorite character vs. Teen Girl Squad
Julius Caesar and Rome vs Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany, who would win?
Who is winning in the Twitter fight between Elizabeth Warren and Donald Trump?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Superman Prime?
Who would win in a war between Star Wars' Galactic Empire and Halo's Forerunners?
Who would win this fight: The Joker Vs. Moriarty?
Who would win: a king cobra or a Komado dragon?
Which underappreciated WW2 operation or battle should be better known?
You with the Super Soldier Serum are put on a plane with 199 people and thrown into an isle in what seems to be Ukraine. Only one survivor can remain. Who would win?
Who would win, Great white shark vs polar bear in a jellylike substance?
Who would win in a battle between Nandi and Garud?
The Second Annual ASOIAF/Game of Thrones Tourney: Round 3
Who'd win, Tempest Shadow Vs. Kylo Ren?
Who would win, The Vulture vs The Thinker?
John Preston vs. Agent Smith: Who would have the edge?
Batman vs. Seal Team Six: Who would be the winner?
Offtopic Gaming Discussion for 22/3/16
A billionaire make a real Delos.
What happens if the Necromorphs from Dead Space and Flood from Halo fight? Who would win?
Who would win if Sauron in physical form fought a 700-pound Siberian tiger?
Ghost Rider vs Spawn - Who would win in a fight to the death and why?
Who would be the winner out of The Vampire Lestat vs The Crow, and why?
Form a team to beat...
Who would win out of Fox McCloud vs Rocket Racoon, and why?
If all feats from the commercials are applied, who is the strongest character you could beat with a can of Red Bull
Who's the weakest character that could defeat kratos ?
Who would win, Superman Prime vs all Lantern leaders?
Who would win, Crocodile Dundee , Roland Tembo , The Joker and Trevor Phillips have to go on a mission to smuggle dinosaurs from the islands in the Jurassic Park films. Do they succeed?
How would Ghost Rider fare in a fight against the Black Order?
Who would win, Hulk vs a T-Rex?
Assuming ego's "Core" was not a factor, who would win between him and Thanos with all the stones in a fight?
WW2 repeats, this time everyone as they are right now.
Who would be the victor out of Wolverine vs Grunbeld, and why?
Who would win today, any country that fought in World War II or the United States?
Who would win this duel: Venusaur VS Arceus?
Deadpool vs. Doctor Strange, who would win?
Could Slade Wilson assassinate Obama?
What are the key steps to winning a race for the state House of Representatives as a 3rd party candidate?
Who would win in a fight, Yamcha or Superman?
Who would win, A Crocodile vs a Gorilla?
Strongest animal a large Maine Coon could beat in a fight?
Who'd win, The Payday Gang vs Militares Sans Frontieres/ Diamond Dogs/Outer Heaven?
King Kong vs Captain America, Symbiote Spider-Man and Black Panther
Who would win in an uninterrupted war between US and Russia only?
Why has Russia not put a man on the moon? Being the first to win the space race, their rockets take men to the ISS, and they were the first to place a space station 250 miles up. So why not to the moon?
Who would win in a fight between The Hulk and Street Fighter's Blanka?
A FFA between every character who has the word "God" in their name/title who isn't actually God/A God
Who would win, Constantine with the Nabu helmet and the Phantom Stranger or Scarlet Witch and Jean Grey?
Who would win in a fight on the Titanic: Moses or Magneto?
Who would win out of Scion VS Thanos, and why?
Who would win in a conventional war between Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines vs South Korea and Japan?
How do you write a fight scene between the hero and villain in hand-to-hand combat?
Who'd win, Jimi Hendrix vs. Bruce Lee?
Who would have the edge out of Six White Boomers vs Nine Reindeer, and why?
If, in a race of 100m dash, the first and second runner have a gap of 1m midway, and assuming the first runner goes steady, by what percent should the second runner increase his speed to win the race?
Featuring Dracule Mihawk
Which is better in a fight, knowing martial arts or just being really strong?
Who would win, Mongul 1 or Flash with Infinite Mass Punch?
Who would win? An aggressive Grizzly Bear or a world class professional swordsman?
Who'd win, Jotaro Kujo vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win a fight between Jiraya vs Fugaku and Fugaku Uchiha vs Sakumo Hatake?
You're transported into a country song. How do you save your dog, get your wife back, and get your truck to start? Who would win?
Who would win this war: Bigby Wolf vs Wolverine?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Black lightning and Static Shock vs. Thor and Electro, and why?
Hiei v Esdeath
Who'd win, Roran Stronghammer vs Jon Snow?
Who would win in a conventional war between Nigeria, Sudan, and Chad vs Ethiopia, Kenya, and Tanzania?
Who would win in a race to the top of Mt. Everest between Batman, Captain America, Nightwing and Black Panther?
Mane Six+Spike run a gauntlet
How do I watch the upcoming boxing fight between Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 4/17/2016
Tier Ranking of Peak Humans
Who would win in a war between Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar, at the respective heights of their armies?
Bran Stark vs. Littlefinger, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Percy Jackson or Optimus Prime?
Can Raven beat Silver Surfer?
What would have happen if Daisy Johnson/Quake fought against Johnny Blaze in Season 4 Episode 1 instead of Robbie Reyes?
Weakest swordsman who could 6/10 Samurai Jack in a duel?
What would happen if a Mongolian army fought an Indian Rajput army? Who would win?
Who would win a war between Egypt and Mexico?
Batman and Nightwing, the Riddler and the Joker, who would win in a fight?
Who would win a Roast-off, INFJ or INTJ?
Who would have the edge out of Percy Jackson and Percy Jackson vs Percy Jackson, and why?
Who would be the victor out of Daniel Day-Lewis in There Will Be Blood vs. DDL in The Last of the Mohicans vs. DDL in Gangs of New York vs. DDL in Lincoln, and why?
Who would win, you vs Darth Vader?
Who would win, Black Dynamite VS Sleepy John Estes?
The U.S. is known for their great military power and had been before they got involved in other wars as a powerful aide. If the U.S. were to, one day, decide to go to attack it’s neighboring country, who could stop them?
Who would win this match: Epic HUGE BATTLE OF Trekkies, Trekkers, Star trek fans vs Star Wars Fans, Vs Transformers fans, Vs Bronies and Pegasisters?
In honor of the Ukranian protests Vitali Klitschko vs Vladimir Putin
Deku is chosen by the Deku Tree to save Hyrule instead of Link in Ocarina of Time.
Can any non-superhuman or street tier character kill a rhino and/or lion without any weaponry?
Who'd win, FOX Deadpool vs Olgierd von Everic?
Tiger Woods, Larry Bird, Laurence Fishburne, Ryan Gosling, Jamie Foxx, and Snoop Dogg start behaving like the animals in their names: Who would win?
Would America side with the UK or EU if they were to go to war and why?
Who would win, United Nations vs North Korea?
Who would win in a war between Niger and Nigeria?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Gandalf and Obi-Wan switch places in their respective stories, and why?
Who would win, the Joker or Captain Boomerang?
Who would win in a death battle between Spider-Man and Batman, both without any preparation?
Why didn't the discoverers of CRISPR, Jennifer Doudna and Emmanuelle Charpentier, win the Nobel Prize in Medicine?
Who do you think would win in a pure hand to hand combat between Jason Bourne and Batman?
Who'd win, Johnny Blaze/Ghost Rider vs. Homunculi?
Who would win, Toph before learning "metal bending" vs. Dr. Octopus in a train yard?
The Third Annual ASOIAF/Game of Thrones Tourney: Round 1
Who would win, CM2 Kimimaro without disease or CM2 kid Sasuke?
Who'd win, Catwoman vs Batgirl, with a few minor stipulations?
Who would win in a fight between an eastern lowland gorilla and two chimpanzees?
Who can convince Chef's Dad to give them tree fiddy?
Who'd win, Spinosaurus vs. 2 African Bush Elephants?
Assuming no other countries get involved, who would win a conventional war between China vs Russia, Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Afghanistan, Pakistan, India, Nepal, Bhutan, Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, North Korea, South Korea, Japan?
Who would win in a fight, Darkseid or Q?
Who would win in a war between a mitochondria, the power house of the cell, and the United States?
In a battle between the Batman & Spiderman, who is more likely to win or achieve a kill over the other?
Who would win, Thanos vs. Darth Sidious?
Two Sagittarians get in a fight, who wins?
In an alternate reality, Lucy Hawking transfers Stephen Hawking into the body of Conor McGregor.
You vs 10 house cats in an elevator. Who would win?
Who could fight the most unfair battle?
Who would win a fight between Hulk and Shazam?
Who would win this fight: A dogfight between Starscream and Mobius One?
Has a knight and a samurai ever fought each other? If they did, who would win?
Who'd win, Reptar vs Barney vs Godzilla vs T-Rex?
Your favorite character is tasked with completing the 12 labors or Hercules. Can he/she succeed?
Ben 10 vs Thanos: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight between Jesus and Superman?
Who would win this match: Colossus and Thing vs Captain America with a Black Panther suit?
What is the fight between ISIS and anonymous?
Which animals can beat the all mighty Siberian Tiger?
Who would win a sword fight between The New Mountain and The Hound provided that a sword of fire could not be used in the fight?
Who'd win, Bats vs. Owls?
Who would win in a fight between a Marine and a French Legionaire?
What if the KMS Tirpitz didn't sink, would that have changed the outcome of WWII?
100% physically equal men on various drugs fight to the death
Who wins, Blue beetle or Superman?
Superheros vs The Purge How would the superheros handle 'The Purge': Who would be victorious?
Can Avatar Aang run the gauntlet of Cartoon Network's original characters, scoring a major victory for Nickelodeon?
Who wins in a battle between Agent Cody Banks and The Joker?
Who would claim victory out of The One Above All vs Tommy Westphall, and why?
Who would win, Obi-Wan Kenobi or Mace Windu?
Who would win a fight between an F-22 Raptor and a Sukhoi T-50?
Who would win in a fight? Snake Eyes vs. Deathstroke?
Who would win, Professor X mindcontrolling all Dinosaurs on Planet Earth ever existed Vs the Humanity ?
Who would win a fist fight between Trump and Rubio?
Who would win, The Ghosts vs. The Ghosts?
What was the most epic combat between two opponents in the history of Middle-earth?
Who would win in a fight between Rorschach and Batman?
Who would win in a fight between Sauron and Molag Bal?
Which animal would win in a fight: a lion or a jaguar?
Who would win, John Wick, Agent 47, James Bond, The Punisher, Jaqen H'Ghar, Solid Snake, Altair and Mike Erhmantrout all have contracts to kill the President. First kill gets the money?
Who'd win, Dr. Steven Hawking vs. a Dalek?
Who would win, Wonder Woman vs. Carol Danvers?
Who would win in a fight between The Rolling Stones and The Beatles?
Free For all + Gauntlet
Who would win this fight: Uncle Iroh vs Mercenary Tao?
Who would win, The Lich King vs Darth Vader?
Who would win this fight: Gorilla vs Crocodile?
How long into human history could Asterix's village go without being conquered?
What is a short and simple explanation of World War 3?
Who would win a fight Between The Juggernaut and Doomsday?
Who would win in a combat between Jaime Lannister and Tormund?
Who would win in a fight, the largest saltwater crocodile at its prime or a black caiman of equal size at its prime?
If the US were to go to war with the world, would they win?
Who would win in a LOTR knowledge battle between Ernest W. Adams and Steven Gibb?
You're put in the real-world, peak cloned version of yourself , and Matrix-esque uploaded with tons of combat skills, who can you beat ? Who would win?
Who is the strongest MCU Character that DCEU Wonder Woman could defeat ?
Who Would Win In A Fight Between Spawn and Doctor Strange
Imagine a duel between a European style fencing master armed with a sabre and a Japanese Samurai master armed with a samurai sword - who would win?
You take the place of any Disney villain, without their powers but with knowledge of their film. Can you succeed where they failed? Who would win?
Couldn't Magneto crush Wolverine and Colossus during a fight very easily?
Who would win this duel: Modern Australian Army Vs Emu?
Who would win this punch-up: MCU Hawkeye and Falcon vs. “The Birds of War” and Dee “Ostrich” Reynolds?
Who would the last 6 standing Allied nations and Axis nations in WW3 be?
Hulk versus Black bolt who would win?
Who'd win, Thanos vs. Superman?
Can Rajinikanth beat Thanos?
If Japan could easily sink the two most advanced British warships in Asia, why couldn't Nazi German planes do significant damage to the Royal Navy?
Who do you think win a fight between King Arthur and Sir Lancelot?
Who would win in a 15-round boxing match between Rocky Balboa and Jimmy Braddock?
Who would win, Doctor Octopus vs General Grievous?
Who'd win, Pennywise versus the Care Bears?
Who would win a war between Bahrain and Qatar?
Who would claim victory out of Orochimaru vs RWBY verse, and why?
The 40k human race suddenly gets a psychic field similar to the Orks. How powerful is the God Emperor now?
Who would win, Caulifla or Goku?
Vampires x Glitter-pires
If every single king of the UK's history fought to the death, who would win?
Ronda Rousey vs Mike Tyson: Who would be the champion?
Who would be the winner out of Schrodinger's cat vs Pavlov's dog, and why?
Ants and hornets vs tyranid miniatures: Who would be victorious?
In a race between a Yamaha R3 and a Ninja 300, which one will win?
Who would win in a fight between Imperiex and Galactus?
Goku vs. Hercules: Who would win?
Who would win, Crocodile vs. Gaara?
Who would win if a one-man gang fought The Great Khali?
What would a terrorist do if he died and went to Hell?
Who'd win, Bat-Villains vs Spider-Villains vs Flash Villains?
What is the most effective weapon for space combat between vessels, lasers or kinetic projectiles? Would explosives reliant on kinetic shock waves be useless? Or perhaps torpedoes that detonate after penetrating the hull would work well.
Oscar the Grouch and Superman trade places for one day. Who does better at the other's job?
Nick Wilde the fox must con the CarFax fox Into buying a used car without checking the carfax can he do it?
Who would win in a fight between Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin?
What would win in a fight to the death, a Komodo dragon or an African elephant?
At what point in the race do campaigns privately concede they don't have a chance to win?
What would happen if Saruman recruited the Balrog to fight for Isengard?
Who would win, Dercori or Vikal?
Who would win in a battle between a honey badger and a velociraptor?
Who would win in a water polo match between Aquaman and the Creature from the Black Lagoon?
Who would win in a fight: Doctor Strange or Scarlet Witch?
Who would win in a battle to the death between Bane and Deadpool?
Who would win this combat: Rico Rodriguez is dispatched to Shadow Moses instead of Solid Snake. How well, or poorly, does the mission go with this change of operatives?
Who would win this war: Sinister Six vs The Avengers?
Who would win if vampires took on a Mexican drug cartel?
Who'd win, Darwin Vs. Doomsday?
Who would win in an epic showdown of military might between Bernard Montgomery and George S. Patton?
Who would come out on top out of SMG4 characters vs ExplodingTNT characters, and why?
Who would win a fight between Green Arrow and Percy Jackson?
Who would win, Giovanni Auditore or Ezio?
Who would win, Goku and Jiren vs Daishinkan?
If a big male tiger came to fight a male orangutan, who would win and why?
Who would win in a boxing fight, Julio Cesar Chavez or Mayweather, both in their prime who would win?
Who will win in a fight between War Machine and Falcon?
Who will win in a fight between Doctor Strange and Iron Man?
Which part of India will be dragged into World War III?
These 5 heroes take the place of The Fellowship of the Rings. How do they do in the crucial arcs of the story?
How long would it take for an army of 800 million to beat one of 400 million in the Star Wars universe?
Kelly-058 rounds up some slippery Navy SEALs
Who'd win, Holo vs Shinobu?
What happened to the dragons in ancient Westeros?
If a Mongol and a Spartan fought, who would win?
Who would win this duel: Majin Buu Vs. Thor?
Black Racer Flash v Bat God
In a battle between the Republican Guard and the RoK Army , who would win?
Who would win this duel: A Godzilla sized sloth VS. Usain Bolt in a race across NYC?
If war were to break out between Egypt and North Korea, who would win?
Literal Animal Name Free For All
Who'd win, Kangaroo vs The best fighter in the world?
Who would win in a fight between Static Shock and Emperor Palpatine?
Who would win this Indy 500 race: Ricky Bobby in his ME Car , Turbo , Cole Trickle Lightning McQueen or King Candy?
Who would win a fight between John Wick and Agent 47?
Who would win in a war between the US Army and the orcs in the “World of Warcraft”?
Who would win this brawl: Goku vs Luffy vs Naruto, in?
Who would have the edge out of Super Shadow vs The Marvel and DC Universe, and why?
Xenomorphs are placed in the Star Wars galaxy. How do they fare?
Who would win this match: Po vs. Eddie Riggs?
Columbo replaces Sherlock
Prep Gods Battle Royale
If everyone in Marvel and DC lost their powers but kept their fighting skill, who would win?
What is the difference between combat and camouflage?
If North Korea joined forces with Russia and China in a war, could they beat the rest of the world?
What if WW3 happens?
The odds against a certain horse winning a race are 5/2. What is the probability of the horse winning the race?
Who would be the winner out of Jessica Jones vs Bigby Wolf, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Perry the Platypus vs Penguins of Madagascar?
Rambi the Rhino Vs. Yoshi
All 16 Colossi Vs. Megazord
Who would win this combat: Planet of the Apes vs Planet of the Dogs?
In a fight between Batman and Superman who would win if Superman deactivated all his powers?
Who would win a fight between Black Panther and Superman?
Would you rather have an axe or a spear when fighting a Hippo? and how would you fare with each weapon?
Who'd win, The Winchesters vs. The Salvatores?
Who would win between the Galaxy Gun from Star Wars versus the Enterprise from Star Trek?
Who would have the edge out of Obito Uchiha vs. Vanitas, and why?
Who'd win, Shadow vs Underfell Sans?
Who would win this battle: Takeru Kobayashi vs. Gaston in an egg eating contest?
Who would win in a fight between a spider monkey and a true spider?
Who would win this war: 30 men vs 5 angry cows?
Who would win in a war between Great Britain and Spain?
A single orca whale or a single sperm whale: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Does Jeb Bush have a shot at winning the 2016 presidential race?
Can you fight a gorilla in a one-on-one unarmed combat?
Strongest animal a human can beat with prep?
Who would win out of Motoko Kusanagi & Batou VS Deunan Knute and Briareos Hecatonchires, and why?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 6/5/2016
Who would win this combat: Gideon-Bot and Bill Cypher VS The giant Gnome combination, the Dinosaurs freed from tree sap, Island Face, The Leading Manotaur, and the Gobblewonker -Gravity Falls Battle Royale-?
MCU Cap leading a squad of SEALs <VS> DCEU Batfleck leading a squad of Delta operators
Who would win if the Dhornish army fought the Unsullied?
Who would win, Black Panther vs Genji?
Who would win this duel: 2015-2016 Warriors vs. 95-96 Bulls?
Who would win in a fight between Optimus Prime and Thor?
Can these cats from r/pics kill the vacuum to a point where It cannot function, or does the vac remain supreme?
Who would have the edge out of Wolverine vs. Steven Hawking without a wheelchair, and why?
Who would be the champion out of Freddy Kreuger, Jason Voorhies, Michael Myers, Leather face, Chucky, Ghost face, The Strangers, Jigsaw, and the Inbreds from Wrong Turn in the purge, and why?
Who would win this brawl: Tai Lung vs. Nicole Watterson?
Who would win, Obama vs. Putin in a fist fight?
During the Chosin reservoir battle, why didn't the Chinese obliterate the U.S. Marines and instead let them do a semi-orderly retreat?
Avengers and the Black Order vs Justice League and the Suicide Squad: Who would be the winner?
Could Ironman beat Superman?
Who would win in a battle between Karna and Meghnad?
Amateur Hour - WWW Obscure Character Awareness - Week 7
Who would win a *conventional* war between Iran and Pakistan right now?
Who'd win, 30 flying great white sharks vs. seals with harpoons?
The year is 1922, and you are Il Duce. War in 1940 is inevitable. What changes in diplomacy and military strategy could cause the Axis Powers to win the war?
Who would win this brawl: Venom vs. Black Panther?
Who is the strongest person an average man in a suit made of Nokia Phones. I need to know to settle an argument.
Who would win, SSJ Future Trunks vs Meta-Cooler?
Who would win a fight between Rajasaurus and T-Rex?
Who would win in a fight between Bahubali and Batman?
Iceman vs white dragon great wyrm: Who would be the victor?
A family of Kangaroos has to run through a professional fighter gauntlet
Who'd win, The Rhino vs. Colossus?
Who would come out on top out of Prime Jon Jones armed with nun chuks vs 50 Logan Pauls and 50 Jake Pauls, and why?
Who'd win, GrandMaster Luke vs. Lord Voldemort?
Who'd win, Fire Team VS Ice Team?
When has "slow and steady wins the race" been proved wrong?
Who will win, Eucliwood, who can control his power, versus the DC and Marvel universes?
Who would win in a battle to the death between all of the Super Smash Bros?
Who would win, Level 50 Zapdos VS Level 59 Pidgeotto?
Who would win, Iron Man Mark 2 vs Iron Man Mark 3?
Who would win: Doctor Strange or Pit?
Who would be victorious out of The Just Us League vs The Legion of Dudes, and why?
Who would be the champion out of Chen Stormstout VS Po Ping, and why?
The president has been kidnapped by Ninjas. Are you a bad enough dude to rescue the president?
Who would win, Napoleon or Caesar?
Who would win this battle: Clifford the big red dog vs Gimli?
Alex Mercer connects with the mother tree on Pandora and basically controls the planet now and all its inhabitants, what is the strongest invasion force he can defeat: Who would come out on top?
Sam and Dean Winchester hunting Buffy and Spike: Who would win?
If India and the USA have a war between each other, which countries will form allies on each side?
Could Britain win a war against Russia?
At the height of their rebellion, the rebel Spartacus escapes Rome and finds himself in the southernmost part of Westeros. How far do the rebels get before they're stopped?
Suddenly, an elephant appears. Can you and the other people in the room defeat the elephant in the room?
Will Hillary Clinton try to implement some of Bernie Sanders' ideas if she wins the race, specifically decreasing higher ed & medical costs?
How would Thanos defeat Magneto, Dr. Doom and Ultron?
Attila the Hun appears in Essos, can he become the Scourge of the Old Gods and the New?
Blackgar Boltagon recites the entire Navy Seal copypasta at full volume. Who is the strongest comic book character this will kill?
It's the all new Wacky Races and a new cast have been chosen, but who can win the inaugural race?
How can you beat an overweight person in a fight?
Who would win if all the Robins got in a fight?
Who would Win a Fight Between The Hulk and Megatron from Transformers?
Who would win, Psylocke vs Gorilla Grodd?
Can a human fight another human who is twice as strong as him?
Who would win a war between America and China? .
Three Master Chiefs versus an unnamed Tactical Marine: Who would have the edge?
Video game companies decide to form their own countries and go to war with one another. Who would win?
The USA nukes North Korea. What is the world’s response?
Were the lightsaber fighting styles in Star Wars inspired by real life sword fighting technique?
Who would win in a fight between an Irish wolfhound and a striped hyena?
Composite Clark Kent/Kal El Vs. Composite Goku: Who would be the champion?
Who would win: Deathstroke or Taskmaster?
Every human army to have ever existed up until year 1900, equipped as they were when they existed vs. the combined millitary forces of the world today
Who would win in a war all of South America including Mexico versus the USA?
Who'd win, The 1996 Chicago Bulls each with one Infinity Stone vs The Justice League in a game of basketball, stats equalized?
Who would win in a battle between post-Dangai Ichigo and Lille Barro?
Who would win in a fight between Batman or Moon Knight and why?
Who would win in a battle of SSGSS Vegito versus SSJ4 Gogeta?
If war broke out between the USA and North Korea, how would Europe be affected?
Corvo vs Jack: Who would win?
Hypothetically, who would win in a war between Poland and Czech Slovakian alliance?
Who'd win, Kangaroo vs Male Human?
Who would win, a Promethean Crawler or a Promethean Knight while being controlled by Didact?
Who is the strongest super villain that 1960s Adam West's Batman could beat in a boxing match?
Who would win, Arnold Schwarzenegger or Darth Vader?
Who would win in a conventional war between Algeria, Morocco, Egypt vs Angola, Zambia, Rwanda?
Strongest animal * YOU* can take in a fight
Which side would win a gang war between the Muppets and the "Sesame Street" characters?
Who would win in a fight, me or you?
Someone wants to fight me, but I've never been in a fight, and I'm scared. What should I do?
Who'd win, A T-rex vs A Dragon?
Who'd win, Clifford the Big Red Dog vs Thanos?
Who would win out of Allah vs God vs Kami, and why?
All Pokemon are in a fight without moves, traits or powers, who would be the last Pokemon standing?
Who would win: Melinda May versus Daredevil, Daisy/Skye versus Iron Fist and Ghost Rider versus Luke Cage?
Who would win, Zero or Firepit?
Who would win this combat: Jesus speedwalking on water vs the current fastest swimmer?
Who is the strongest/stealthiest character Kevin McCallister Could stop from breaking into and robbing his house.
Who would win in a fight between the Imperium of Mankind and the Galactic Empire?
Who would win, God Cable vs Anodite Gwen with charms of bezel?
Who would win in a fight between The Flash and Saitama? Taking in account that The Flash can think faster than light, can perceive events that lasts less than an attosecond, and can punch with infinite energy and mass.
Who would win this duel: Rocko's Modern Life vs. Cartoon Network?
Hypothetical Battles: What would win in a fight, the Curiosity Rover, or the Spirit and Opportunity Rovers working together?
could an average man take over a country identical to North Korea?
Who would win between Captain America, the Winter Soldier, and Deathstroke?
If the Magnificent Seven were made up of John Marston, Django Freeman, El Zorro, Abraham Lincoln , Achilles, Legolas and Captain Jack Sparrow, what entity, team, character can they defeat?
Can a pigeon fight against a falcon?
Who would win in a war between the US Army and the US Marines considering available manpower, equipment, and training?
Instead of Alfred Pennyworth, Thomas Wayne hired for his family a different butler: The Retired Fire Nation General, Iroh
Who would win, Pitbull vs Wolf?
If there's a fight between Lord Jesus, Lord Vishnu and Vardhaman Mahavir, who would win?
Who would win this match: Arm your choice of character/organization/team/army/etc. with such weapons as "common sense" and "basic strategy and tactics." How much more effectively are they able to combat their respective adversaries? Who sees the greatest difference in their level of success?
What actually happens in a war between two countries? Who declares the winning country?
Who would have the edge out of The White Wolf vs. White Wolf- How does a Witcher fare in the World of Darkness, and why?
Who will win the Artificial Intelligence race? Who is leading the race, which company do you think will win and why?
Who would win this match: Time to get historical. Assume that the Mongols didn't stop at Baghdad and went all the way to Rome. Could the mongols take the Vatican?
Who would win a war between Indonesia and the Philippines?
Who would win this brawl: Mike Tyson vs 5 Neck Beards with bats?
Who would win, North Korea, South Korea, and Japan vs Russia?
Who would win, Thanos with IG or Apocalypse?
At the end of Rocky III, who won the friendly fight between Rocky and Apollo?
Who would win a fight between a Liopleurodon or a Mosasaurus?
Who would win if all the old testament prophets fought Hunger Games style?
Who would win in a fight, Storm or Magneto?
Big game hunter runs a prehistoric ladder.
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and the Flash?
Who'd win, Blitzcrank vs. Vi in a boxing match?
Who would win, Glenn Talbot with gravitation powers or Saitama?
Who'd win, Ripster and Slammu vs. Ladybug and Chat Noir?
Who would win a war between USA, Turkey, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Egypt vs China, Iran, Syria?
Who would win this battle: MCU enhanced humans VS Cabin in the Woods?
Who will win if there was a battle between Uchiha and Hyuga?
Who'd win, Azula vs Captain America?
If Kosovo and Albania would get to war with Serbia, and if Serbia were winning, will Albania and Kosovo become a part of Serbia's territory?
Humanity runs a gauntlet of randomly spawning animals, can they survive?
Who would win? Superman vs. Alexandria
What are the possibilities that WWIII will happen in the next ten years?
Who would win a war between Turkey and Brazil?
Are orangutans strong and dangerous? Who wins in a fight between a human and an orangutan?
What is the smallest number of real world animals that could 5/10 their Pokemon counterpart?
Who'd win, Darth Vader and his Imperial forces VS the US military?
Goku vs. Saitama . Who will win?
Who would win in a fight between Jon Snow and Stannis Baratheon?
Your link karma multiplied by your comment karma is your new Power Level. Who is the toughest Dragon Ball universe opponent you can now beat? Who's the most powerful redditor?
Wolf Predator vs Victor Crowley: Who would have the edge?
Who would acctually win between Goku and Superman
Who'd win, 3 ODSTs are dropped in front of the white house and have to kill the president. Can they?
Who would be the champion out of Captain Hook vs Jack Sparrow, and why?
What would happen if Indonesia tries to attack China?
You With A Weapon vs. Brock Lesnar - in a fight to the death. What is the WORST weapon you could bring into the cage that would ensure you won 99/100 times.
Who would win: Sanji vs Zoro?
Who would win, 8 Gates Guy vs All Hokages?
Regeneration Battle Royal
DIO Brando awakens from his nightly Drunken Orgies in Cairo one day and decides to read his favourite book. Inside, he finds a mysterious red card. Can his shadow defend his twisted desires: Who would be the winner?
Who is the weakest Vampire hunter that could defeat Dio?
How many unarmed average human men would it take to kill a grizzly bear?
Who would win a war between 100 rhinos and 100 lions?
Who would win, Master Roshi or Jiren?
Who would win this brawl: Po vs Captain America without his shield?
Who would win in a fight, Grey Worm or The Hound?
Who is the strongest opponent a guy with a deck of yugioh cards could beat if, all the spells and monsters effected the real world
Who would win, Nux dies and arrives at the gates of Valhalla, shiny and chrome. Who is the strongest historical warrior he can defeat?
Who would win this punch-up: Putin vs Merkel, Obama and Cameron?
Who would win this duel: A 7 ft long Mantis Shrimp vs a Shark?
THE CRAZY A.I BATTLE ROYALE: GlaDOS V.S Mother Brain V.S Vol Opt V.S Star Dream
Who'd win, Phoenix Wright vs Perfect Cell?
DC is in desperate need of a character plot twist to beat Marvel's cap reveal...
Thor v. Wonder Woman
Who would win in a fight between Emma Frost and Quicksilver?
The Disney Hunger Games
Who would win, Chuck Norris vs. Muhammad Ali?
DIO's The World vs Shadow the Hedgehog's Chaos Control: Who would come out on top?
The final decision on Stormtrooper Aim
Who would win, GT Goku vs Jiren?
Who would win, Swordsmen from various cultures and schools of combat are given a lightsaber. Which swordsman would be the best at using it? X-Post from MartialArts?
Who'd win, Composite Raiden vs. Thor?
Who would win in a war between Mexico, the USA, the UK, Germany, Japan, France, and South Korea versus Russia, China, India, Syria, and Iran?
What would the world be like if Nazi Germany had never lost the war?
Who would win in a fight between Black Bolt and Superman Prime One Million?
Who would win in a war between Peru and Ecuador in 2017?
Who would win between a Space Commando and a 21st century US Marine if the Space Commando can't use his plasma swords, photon blasters, cybernetic power suits, or holoshields?
State of the Sub 3/31/2016... on 4/2/2016
Cotton Hill with adamantium shins runs a gauntlet
If Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather fought, who would win?
Could Night Owl beat Batman in a fight?
Who would win, Little Mac vs Bruce Wayne/Batman in a Boxing Match?
Will Hyperion be in the MCU one day?
Can humans beat a tiger in the water?
Who would win this brawl: Rat vs Cat?
Who would win in a battle between the USS Abraham Lincoln and three Iowa-Class battleships vs. the entire country of Japan in the year 1500?
Who'd win, Wadiya vs North Korea?
Why are the great powers upgrading their weapons and making their armies bigger and stronger, is it because they expect WW3 to start soon?
Create an Illuminati team for DC.
Who would win this duel: Ditka vs God?
Inspector Gadget is closing in on notorious cheese thief Wallace. Can the intrepid inventor muster up a defense to avoid being arrested?
Who would win, Captain America vs Madame Viper?
Who would win in a full-on war between India and Cambodia? No allies are allowed to be involved, and everything is used on both sides including all weapons/planes/tanks/bombs or nukes if either side has any, etc.?
you with a Sword and Armor run the Animal Gauntlet Who would win?
Why do some Superman, Goku, and Saitama fans think that their characters have limitless power?
What’s the strongest fictional dragon you could beat with prep and $100000?
What episode of Naruto is it where Gaara fully releases his Shukaku in a fight against Naruto?
Who would win: Zeus or Poseidon?
Who would win in a fight: Darth Sidious or Jean Grey?
r/whowouldwin presents Royal Rumble 2018
Bigby Wolf vs Sesshomaru: Who would be the champion?
What is the weakest dinosaur that could take down modern Spinosaurus?
Strongest character Courage the Cowardly Dog can defeat when Muriel is in danger?
Who would win this fight: Clifford the Big Red Dog vs. Jason Bourne in a race across Boston?
Who would win, Jiren or Thanos?
Who would win, Commander Shepard , Colonol John Sheppard , Corporal Adrian Shephard, Shepherd Book and Alex Shepherd fight to the death for the correct way to use Shepherd as a name?
Who would win, Obi-Wan with the high ground or the Gonk Droid?
If there will be a fight between first hokage and 4-th hokage, which one do you think will actually win the battle and why?
What if Chuck Norris ascended to Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan?
How did India win the "Cho La Incident" in Sikkim against China while it faced great losses in the Sino-Indian War?
How do you think America's race relationship will be like if Trump wins?
Who would win in a war between Russia and Britain on "neutral" soil such as Iceland?
Boxing Tournement
Who would win, DCEU Batman and Flash vs Dark Knight Trilogy Batman and CW Flash?
Could the combined efforts of all the militaries in WW2 defeat modern day Britain?
you can transform into these beings now who is the strongest character you can beat Who would win?
What would all out war between China and the United States look like?
If 100 Waffen-SS fought 100 US Army Rangers, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Batman and Spider-Man?
40K - Which primarch would win in melee combat?
What will be the best, earliest indication of which candidate will win the US presidential race?
Who would win in a fight between Floyd Mayweather and Vasyl Lomachenko?
Who would win, Seal Team Six vs. The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad?
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Doom or Darth Vader?
Saitama runs a hax based durability ladder
In a dogfight between an F-22 and a Messerschmitt, how could the WW2 era plane survive?
Who would win, Dante and Cereza vs Wonder Woman and Superman?
Who would win, William Wallace Vs. William Wallace from Braveheart?
Who would win in a conventional war, Khrushchev-era U.S.S.R. or Modern Russia?
Who would be the champion out of Deadpool vs Captain America, and why?
Who would win, A saltwater crocodile versus a tiger shark?
Is it embarrassing that Great Britain couldn't win WW2 and the American War of Independence?
Who would win, Rune King Thor or Thanos?
Who would win, 100 elephants vs 1 AT-ST?
If a new war occurs, who would be Croatia's allies and enemies?
Stephen Hawking or Christopher Reeve: Who would win?
Who would be the victor out of Black Manta vs Black Panther, and why?
Your stuck in the last hotel you stayed in while Luigi, Falco, and Pikachu are fighting in the lobby. The twist is that they're Turbo Luigi, Turbo Falco, and Turbo Pikachu. Can you survive the ensuing chaos?
Who would win in a war between Israel and the OIC?
Who would win, Fox vs Han?
If a team with 11 AB de Villiers, and another team with 11 Kallis, played against each other, who would win?
Can a human beat a lion with bare hands?
Who would win this battle: A kangaroo with swords for legs Vs. An elephant that can breath fire?
A T-Rex sized Spinosaurus VS a Spinosaurus sized T-Rex: Who would be the winner?
Which country will win?
Who would win a battle between the Silver Surfer and Odin?
Michelle Obama vs Your Mother: Who would have the best chance of winning?
UFC 135 lb champion vs Bruce Lee in a fight
Who will win in a three way war between the Ottomans, Safavids, and the Mughals at their greatest peak?
Who is the weakest character using their powers 100% rationally who could take over the world?
Who would win, Lucifer vs Lucifer?
Who'd win, Fox Mccloud vs Han Solo?
Who would win if the Avengers and the Justice League teamed together and fought One Punch Man?
Buffy The Vampire Slayer vs. Randall Flagg
Captain America vs Batman at being Presidents: Who would be the winner?
You with the STRENGTHS of five men run a gauntlet Who would win?
Who would win, Nova, Green Lantern, Captain Marvel, or Supergirl?
Who would win between an expert swordsman with a katana, and an expert swordsman with a broadsword?
What would happen if every single nuclear bomb in the world were teleported into the hands of ISIS?
Who would win in a boxing match, Lemmy or God?
Who would win, The top 10 toughest players from every non combat sport in the sports in the world are rounded up and have a fight witch sport wins?
Who'd win, Bruce Lee vs. Mike Tyson in a BOXING MATCH?
Batman has a year. Can he punch every citizen of France in the face?
Who would win, you vs the world?
Who would win, Goku or Rune King Thor and World Breaker Hulk?
Who would win in a battle, 300 grizzlies or 1,000 gorillas?
Who would win outside an MMA ring or octagon: an MMA fighter, or a Shaolin monk?
Who would win in a battle between an M1A2 Abrams and a sandbag?
Who would win in a fight between Lobo and Darkseid?
Who is the strongest character/team Eidolon can beat with the following restrictions?
Who will win in a fight between a Kodiak Bear and a Polar Bear?
What are the chances of war between India and Pakistan and its effects on India's economy?
Puma vs Deathstroke: Who would claim victory?
Who would win if Floyd Mayweather fought Guillermo Rigondeaux in their primes?
Who would win in a battle between Luffy and Natsu?
Who would win, 1 million chihuahuas vs African Wild?
Superheroes: Who would win a chess boxing match: Tony Stark or Bruce Wayne?
Who'd win, A male African Lion or a male Silverback Gorilla?
Which two individuals have the best Melee Combat?
You gain the ability to walk on water. What is the largest body of water you can cross? Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Luigi or Darth Vader?
can MCU Thor & DCEU Wonder Woman clear the Dark Souls Game
What would happen if one person predicted World War 3?
Who would win in a fight between a Megalania and a Daeodon?
Who is the strongest Vampire the Stardust crusaders could defeat?
Who'd win, Captains America vs LoL jungle monsters?
Who would be victorious out of AVGN vs. Sheldon playing Super Mario 3, Contra, Mario Kart and Sim city? Who would have most overall points and who would be funnier, and why?
The object on your left comes to life and tries to kill you, who would win?
Who would win an all out war: The Galactic Empire or the United Federation of Planets?
Eastern lowland gorilla runs a Big Cat gauntlet
Can the US invade mainland China and win the war? If India allows the US to use its border to infiltrate into mainland China, who will win the war, assuming all India does is open the border and no nukes are involved?
Blade series vampires vs. Underworld series vampires: Who would be the winner?
The Ghost vs Superman: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Marvel/DC: Every superhero who wears "underwear" on the outside of their suit vs those who don't?
Suddenly, everyone in the world has their clothes set on fire. Does humanity survive, and at what cost?
Who's the strongest a composite Hulk could beat
Who would win, Hulk-Wolf vs the Hulk?
Who would win in a fight between king cobra and mongoose?
You with a chainsaw vs some raptors Who would win?
You're the casting director for the next Expendables film. You also have access to a time machine, meaning you can cast any historical badass you want. Who are the best badasses to cast? Who would win?
Who would win this brawl: Gray Wolf vs. 3 Pit Bulls?
Who would win, The real life United Nations decides humanity needs a superhero for protection and hope, so they train someone from birth?
Who can be better in surviving and fighting between a fox and a wolf?
Pokemon dog fight
Who would win in a fight, Bowser or Doomsday?
Who would win this battle: Battle of boyfriends: Thor vs Anakin?
Can a human win a battle with a hyena?
Who would win, Lebron James on Golden State Warriors vs 96 bulls?
Laxus Dreyar vs. Gaara of the Sand: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Herobrine or Darth Revan?
Who would win between the Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy?
Who would win, a 135 pound MMA fighter or a bodybuilder/strongman?
You with The Force vs You with Ki vs You with Nen vs You with Chakra vs You with Haki Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Natsu or Ace , and why?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer vs Jessica Jones
Finn the Human becomes the master of all four elements of Ooo: fire, ice, candy, and slime. Who is the strongest character that the Ooovatar can defeat?
Who'd win, General Grievous vs the Tenno?
Who would win in a fight between Panthro of The Thundercats and Marvel's Black Panther?
Why does Quora publish all these silly questions like who would win a war between the United States and the Vatican?
Who would win, Wonder Boy and Young-Nasty Man vs. Wonderwoman and Wonder girl?
Who would win in a sword fight, Rollo versus 'The Hound' Sandor Clegane?
Who will win an all-out no-rules fight between John Abraham and Matthew Hayden at present?
Who would win, The Flood or Yuuzhan Vong?
Dumbledore vs. Gandalf: Who would be the winner?
What are the chances of a nuclear WW3 in 2018?
Massively stoned Snoop Dogg vs Modern Art
If Winston Churchill and Joseph Stalin had decided to settle their quarrel by a MMA fight, who would win?
Will Singapore ever buy Russian tanks? Why?
Your Favorite Underrated Character vs Floyd Mayweather & Kratos
Who is the weakest character that can beat Jax Briggs in a bare knuckle boxing match?
Who will win, Thanos or Rajinikanth?
Military Aircraft: In a fictional battle between 1 squadron of Dassault Rafale Vs Eurofighter Typhoon, which squadron will win?
A dweeby merman is accidentally given the Super-Solder Serum. Can Captain Atlantis survive this underwater predator gauntlet?
Who would win, Genthru vs Welfin?
The new Star Wars trilogy turns out to just be a set up to the greatest Tree Fiddy joke of all time. The entire fanbases' collective outrage at this is transferred into the Hulk. Who can he beat that he couldn't before?
If every U.S. State had a fighter like Florida Man for their respective area, who would win in a battle royale?
Who would win, the "11th Spider" Uvogin versus "The Rat" Kurapika Kurta?
Had the Japanese undertaken a full scale land invasion of continental USA right after Pearl Harbor, could they have defeated the USA?
Who is the strongest Marvel/DC superhero that could be defeated by a level 50 Machamp?
Who would win, Midoriya vs Lee Sin?
Who would be the victor out of Bergamo vs Bigby Wolf and William, and why?
If in history there was a fight between the best knight and the best samurai, who do you think will win and why?
After the event of Infinity War, who would win in a fight between Dr. Strange and Thor?
Who would win, Dercori vs Caway?
How good was a bowie knife in a fight?
Who would win a war between the United States and Israel?
If you commanded an unstoppable army and could wipe out 100% any group of people in an act of genocide what race, ethnicity religion or otherwise would you choose and why?
Who'd win, Wolverine vs. Morbius?
Who would win? Scarlet Witch or Luke Skywalker?
How was single combat actually carried out between opposing generals in the midst of large battles between Roman legions and Germanic states?
Who would win the war between Qatar+UAE+Saudi Arabia and Vietnam+Thailand?
Who would be the champion out of Man vs Mountain lion, and why?
Q has put humanity on trial. Can your favorite character convince him not to erase the human race from existence?
Roughly 800 tomahawks were fired in Operational Iraqi Freedom in 2003. How many will likely be used in any conflict with North Korea?
Which Fire Emblem character has the best shot at leading an assault on King's Landing and seizing the Iron Throne?
Who would win in a fight, Green Goblin vs Green Goblin?
Who who win in a fight between a siberian tiger and a bear?
Of all the Nobel Laureates, who would win in a fight?
“All-Star” amped Shrek vs. Po the Dragon Warrior: Who would be victorious?
Would the Avengers be able to take down Dr. Manhattan in a fight?
Gajeel vs Iron Man: Who would claim victory?
Groot runs an Earth animal gauntlet.
Are high functioning autistics more capable in a fight than a neurotypical assumed equal?
If you get in a fight, do you have to fight square?
You get power-ups based on your username. What do you become and who can you beat? Who would win?
In an alternate world, the Zerg, Flood, Xenomorphs, Borg, and Phyrexians essentially assimilate each other into a god race of parasitic beings. What is the strongest universe this legion can beat?
can Anakin Skywalker protect the Tantive IV crew from Lord Voldemort?
Who will win in a fight between Whis and Thanos?
Who'd win, Big Trouble in Little China's Jack Burton VS They Live's Nada?
Who would win in a fight, Loki with the scepter or Infinity War Iron Man?
Who would win a fight between Obadiah Stane and Ivan Vanko/Whiplash?
Who'd win, Song-feats Li Shang vs Song-feats Gaston?
Bat-tle Royale
Who would win in a fight between Eminem and Nas?
Gorilla Warfare!
Who would win in a fight, Shisui Uchiha or Orochimaru?
Who would win in a fight, Gajeel or Colossus?
Who would win in a fight: me or the next person to ask a hypothetical question about a battle between fictional characters?
Who would win, Ken or Son Goku?
Crocodile vs. Gaara: Who would win?
Who would win, Superman or H’El?
Who would have the edge out of Tau Fire warrior Strike Team vs Spartan-IV Fireteam, and why?
In an all out war between the EU and the USA who would win?
Which side would win in a battle between Knight of the Vale and Lannister army?
Who would win in a fight, Yoshi or Tails?
Who would win in a fight, Kid Flash or Kid Naruto?
Who'd win in a fight, Supergirl or Marvel's Ultragirl?
When the U.S. attacks North Korea, what steps can we take to prevent it from devolving like Iraq did?
John Constantine vs Ghost Rider: Who would win?
Assuming no other countries get involved, who would win in a war between South Korea and North Korea?
Every character from Epic Rap Battles of History realizes that rapping is an awful way to battle and decides to launch a huge free for all
who wins in a fight between a monkey and a dog with the same size of each other?
Who's the weakest character that can solo the Tower of Joy?
Archer is selected by the council to be the first human Spectre
Who would win, 1,000 of redcoat soldiers or 10,000 medieval soldiers?
Who would win in a fight between a tiger and a tiger shark?
Who would win, Jodie/Aiden vs Shadow Moses?
How would it go down if Brainiac and The Borg encountered each other? Who would get assimilated first?
Who would win in a fight, Guy Gardner as the Red Green Hybrid Lantern vs Kyle Rayner?
How the hell could you survive in a grocery store for 6 months against a never ending hoard of bloodlusted human hungry house cats?
Who would win this brawl: Talion vs Kratos?
Who'd win, Stephen Strange vs Ben Carson at brain surgery?
Who is the strongest person a full grown hippo can beat?
Scenario X battle time again! How does The Joker beat Kingpin in the Marvel universe .
Who would win a fight between Goku and Shiba Tatsuya?
Do cats go to war?
Shao Kahn, Alex the Dinosaur, Cesare Borgia and Nappa play a game of Risk: Who would be the victor?
Wonder Woman vs Lady Sif: Who would be the victor?
Founding Fathers vs Modern politicians
Who would win this fight: Texas vs. North Korea?
Who would win, Siberian Tiger vs Belgian Blue Bull?
If a rat and a possum of the same size fought, who would win?
Who would win, SSJ Bardock or Frieza?
Atlas the titan vs the colossal titan, beast titan, armored titan and eren jaeger
The Major vs Captain America: Who would be victorious?
Can this "ultimate dog" save the world?
Who would win in a fight between Dante and Thor?
How many Silverback Gorillas would it take to beat Chewbacca in hand ti hand combat?
Who would win this war: Spawn Vs. Ghost rider?
If all known versions of Spider-Man were in a battle to the death, which version would win?
Rune King Thor runs the gauntlet. Can he clear all 5 rounds?
Who would be the winner out of Darth Vader vs Darth Vader vs Darth Vader, and why?
How would a non nuclear war between Nato and the US play out?
r/whowouldwin Presents SummerSlam 2017
Who would win this fight: Mad Max vs Riddick?
How would an unarmed human fare against an ape in a fight?
The US seems on the verge of imploding and it's the left vs. the right. If there was an actual civil war, which side would most likely win?
Assuming no allies are involved, who would win in a war between Indonesia and South Korea?
Who would win in a fight, between Hanuman and Karna?
Here's someone we don't see too much of. Who is the strongest character that the Rhino could take on?
Who would win in a fight, Aang, Luke Skywalker, Hulk, or Naruto?
Who would have the edge out of Hector vs. Ajax, and why?
Who would win, SpongeBob has to figure out various ways to carry Patrick Star, Barney the Dinosaur and Shrek on an epic adventure across the world?
Hypothetically, if an Indian company rejects candidates based on results of a genetic test, what are the different Indian laws that the applicant can cite to fight against the discrimination?
Who'd win, Normal Shadow Vs Boom Shadow in a contest of edginess?
What character would win in a fight against two of their self?
If you could send a standard 2014 liter superbike back in time, what would be the latest year it could win a GP race?
Is the fight between Rob Lucci vs. Luffy really that good?
What is the strongest extinct animal that 3 human gladiators could defeat?
Who would be victorious out of Thanos VS Everyone from Great 4th Ninja War, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Smaug and Thorondor?
Every character to appear in all cinema and television in the past 20 years becomes bloodlusted and wants to kill eachother
How did Catherine Cortez Masto win over Joe Heck in the 2016 Nevada senate race?
Who would win in a fight between everyone in the original Justice League?
Who do you think will win the 2018 Senate Race in Indiana?
Theory on the Batman. Relevant to whowouldwin.
Who would be the champion out of Samurai Jack vs all vampires in the Blood and Wine expansion, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Chen Stormstout vs. Po Ping?
If a person with the powers of a Thunderbird fought a person with powers of a Phoenix, who would win?
Man of Steel Superman vs The Flash: Who would claim victory?
Who would be the winner out of Polar Bear vs Bengal Tiger, and why?
In a hypothetical scenario where the USA declared war on Mexico, would Mexican drug cartels collaborate with the federal government to fight back the Americans? This is purely out of curiosity.
Which superhero becomes the most terrifying if they were to become evil?
Who would win a battle, The Hulk or General Zod?
If the Swiss army fought the Libyan army on a grassy field who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Captain America or 30 Jem'Hadar Warriors?
How long would McGregor last in a fight against Overeem?
Who would have the edge out of David Blain, David Copperfield, Penn & Teller, and Criss Angel now actually have all the powers they pretend to have on stage/television. Can they defeat Albus Dumbledore, and why?
Who would have the edge out of 1 billion fire ants vs 7000 US marines, and why?
Who would win this fight: Jay-Z vs a Vicious Female Dog?
Is Marine Le Pen France's last hope? If she doesn’t get voted in, will France become a third world country where terrorist attacks are the norm, similar to somewhere like Pakistan?
If a nuclear war broke out, what would you do?
Who would win this match: Venom vs. Bane?
Who would win this brawl: Brute/Jiralhanae vs. Hippo?
Excluding armies with access to repeating firearms, which historical armies could defeat zombie hordes with the least casualties?
What battles should we stop doing because it is too one sided?
To combat income inequality, why not give a large tax break to companies with a smaller gap between their lowest paid employee and their highest paid employee? Wouldn't that be more effective than taxing the "rich" to no benefit of the poor?
Who would win in a fight, Barack Obama versus Steven Colbert versus Bill Maher versus Rachel Maddow?
CW Flash and Arrow vs MCU Quicksilver vs Fox Quicksilver: Who would be the champion?
Super Smash Brothers Brawl versus the original 40 champions from League of Legends: Who would be victorious?
Batman runs a giant gauntlet
Who would win in a hypothetical fight between Darth Sidious and a Force-sensitive version of Batman?
Who would win in a fight between an adult gorilla and 7 chimpanzees?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight between Jaime "Kingslayer" Lannister and Gregor "The Mountian" Clegane?
What would happen if North Korea declared war on the United States and China became an ally of North Korea in that war? Who would win?
Rap battle - who would win Bo Burnam vs Eminem
How could Batman have helped in Avengers: Infinity War?
Who would win, Gaara of the Sand vs. Imhotep?
Temporary Traffic Light Vs Permanent Traffic Light: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who is the better mentor Yoda or Professor Xavier ?
All Dogs vs All Cats
Who would win a war between Saudi Arabia and Iran?
Who would win this combat: Mumen Rider vs Speedwagon?
Who would win in a war between Germany and Israel?
Strongest Vampire Hunter the Vampires from "What We Do In The Shadows" could disable/kill?
Can India defeat China in a full-fledged war?
Animal-Themed Human , Battle Royal
Who would win fighting in their primes between Connor McGregor and Georges St Pierre?
Who'd win, Rhuarc and ten Aiel vs Cochise and ten seasoned Apache warriors?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Thor?
A Space Marine battle royal. Which Legions wins?
As a JAG soldier in a combat unit such as the 82nd Airborne, will he be looked down upon by the combat soldiers in this unit? How's the relationship between the combat soldiers and the support staff who work alongside them as JAGs?
Who would win a fight: Yoda or Gandalf?
What do you think would happen if Britain and France agreed to help the confederate but only using their navies to fight the U.S. Navy?
Who would win in a battle between Nicodemus Archleone, and Atticus O'Sullivan?
Who'd win, Abel Nightroad vs D vs Alucard?
If every villain from every movie fought to the death, who would win?
Who would win, Dr. Horrible versus The Mystery Men?
Who'd win, Merkava Mk.1 vs Tiger 2 tank?
Who would win, Sonic the Hedgehog vs Saitama?
If Jet Li, Tony Jaa, Donnie Yen, Bruce Lee, Chuck Norris and Jackie Chan fought, who would win?
Who would win, Thorin's company or the Nazgul?
Who would win, The Doctor wakes up in the TARDIS surrounded by a bunch of wacky characters he's never met before. The parasites from Rick and Morty?
Who would win in a fight, Aquaman or Naruto?
Are we heading towards World War III? What will happen if it actually starts?
Who would win in Kolhapur versus Dhule?
Who would win if a war breaks out between the US and Mexico?
Do you think Damian Wayne by the time he gets to the bats age, do you think he can surpass him?
Who would win, Thanos versus David aka Omega aka Legion?
Who'd win, House cat vs monkey of the same size and weight?
Finn The Human VS Steven Universe
Who would win this brawl: Goku vs Muhammad Ali*?
Who would win, Saitama vs Broly?
What would happen if Israel wage a large scale invasion against Sri Lanka, to protect the Tamil people in Sri Lanka?
Who would win if Ayrton Senna in a 1991 McLaren F1 raced Sebastian Vettel in a 2015 Ferrari F1?
Who would win, Composite Lovecraft Vs. Composite Stephen King?
Who'd win, Agent Smith Vs Bat, Supes and WW?
Who would win out of Hillary Clinton vs Michelle Obama in a fist fight, and why?
Who would win, Walter White versus the Joker , in terms of plotting?
Is Jon Snow an idiot in Game of Thrones?
How many adults would it take to win a tug-of-war against an African elephant?
Wildlife: Who will win in a fight between a gorilla and a tiger?
Who would win, Atriox vs Master Chief?
Who would come out on top out of Sam Vimes vs Jon Snow, and why?
Who would win this fight: Doctor Who vs Professor X?
Who'd win, Wildcat vs. Daredevil?
Shadow of the colossus : Free for all.
Who'd win, Thanos with the infinity gems vs Jacki Chan with the 12 Zodiak Talismans?
Who would win this battle; Red Hood Vs Nightwing?
Can a great white shark kill an elephant?
Who would win this match: Bane vs Alex Louis Armstrong?
The Allspark lands in Pyongyang. Who can stop Best Korea?
Who would win in a fight, Whis or Darkseid?
Who will win in a battle of wits between Goku fanboys and Superman fanboys?
Ants vs Zombies: Who would be the champion?
Who would be victorious out of Jimmy Neutron vs North Korea, and why?
Does it hurt your chances of winning a Grammy if you release your album in March,?
What will the top school win in the Dropbox space race?
Hit is given human stats but keeps his time powers and is tasked with assassinating the President: Who would win?
Who would win in war between Colombia and the UAE, if they would be neighbors?
Does how much you bench really matter in a fight?
If Yemen and Djibouti went to war, who would win?
The big seven of the Justice League in a prank war.
Who would win this combat: Tatsuya Shiba vs Bruce Wayne in HtH combat?
Who would win in a fight: Black Bolt or Thor?
Who would win a fight between wonder woman and Ironman?
god of destruction Thanos Vs Goku and Vegeta: Who would claim victory?
Who is the weakest person that can beat Death Battle Superman
Who would win, Quicksilver vs Mastered Ultra Instinct Goku?
Who would win a fight between Sapphira vs Drogon from Game of Thrones?
Who would win in a fight of Subaru versus Kazuma?
Who'd win, 99% vs. 1%?
Who would win between a King tiger and a T-72?
Who would win, Raditz and Dabura vs Super Buu?
Who would win, Mario Auditore or Ezio?
Jimmy Carter vs George H. W. Bush vs Bill Clinton vs George W. Bush vs Barack Obama vs Donald Trump: Who would win?
Who would win this brawl: Gorr vs Aku?
How did America overcome having no navy, lacking experience from both soldiers and officers, suffering disease and others hardships, and battling between homes to win the War for Independence?
Asriel The God of Hyperdeath kills all 7 billion humans and absorbs their souls. Who is the strongest character he can now beat?
If a kung fu master and a professional football player fought, who would win the fight?
Who would win this fight: n64 Pikachu vs Melee Fox vs Brawl Metaknight?
an army of toddlers vs. 1 navy SEAL
Two versions of your favourite non-superpowered character fight each other. One has precognition vs. one with time travel. Other than the powers they are identical. Can either win, or are they infinitely locked in a fight?
Big Boss v Batman
You have complete manipulation of 10 random objects, how far do you make in the gauntlet Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Mitch Rapp and Jack Reacher?
Jordon Belfort and Stratton Oakmont VS Gordon Gekko and Co: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a battle between Percy Jackson and Gaara of the Sand?
Who'd win, Harvest Moon Farmer vs Animal Crossing Villager?
Who would win in a fight, Lex Luthor or Kingpin?
How come the Japanese Army and Navy was so inefficient against the US in WWII despite having put so much effort into their armed forces?
By how much have the chances of a nuclear war increased?
Who would win, Geralt of Rivia vs Commander Shepard in hand to hand combat?
Why can't they make a movie where some alien race that is much more good and moral than humans comes to rescue earth from humans, wins the battle, takes over and saves earth?
Every small animal sidekick from an animated Disney movie has to kill each other
If England had a civil war between the monarchy and the government in the present day, who would win?
How would your favorite fictional Johnny fare against the devil in a fiddle contest?
Godzilla versus Smaug: Who would win a fight to the death?
Who would win this fight: Black Panther vs. Master Chief?
Who'd win, Uvogin vs Rhino?
Who wins in a fight between a cat and a pudú?
Aquaman vs. King Piccolo: Who would be the champion?
Who would win this brawl: 2 Headed Dinosaur Vs Robotic Bigfoot?
If Jason Bourne and Batman fought each other to the death, who would win?
Strongest Naruto character that Kai from Kung Fu Panda 3 can defeat?
/r/nofap vs /r/theredpill. At picking up women: Who would win?
Who would win if a wolf and a Siberian husky fought?
You vs all of this guy's ant colonies Who would win?
Captain America vs Black Panther: Who would claim victory?
Who is the weakest character who could beat Corvo Attano, with all of his powers?
If World War III were to take place, which countries would be against each other?
WH40K Space Wolves At conquering stuff around the middle of the Viking Age.
If China and India went to war with each other over disputed territory in the Himalayas how long would it last and who would win and at what price?
Who would win, Nomu or Muscular?
If a war broke out against homosexuals, who would win?
Who would win out of Alex Mercer vs Superman, and why?
If the whole world could vote in the 2016 US presidential elections, who would win?
What would happen if the Westboro, Faithful Word, and Dove World Baptist Churches fought Vietnam while being exiled to the country?
Can a girl of the same size win a fight with a boy?
616 Thor gains DBZ-esque combat speed. Who could he defeat now that he couldn't defeat before?
Could an elite Navy Seal Make it through the campaign of Resident Evil 4 IRL?
Who would win in a fight, Knuckles, Shadow, or Silver?
Who would win if the aliens fought, the aliens in Battle: Los Angeles, Battleship or Skyline?
Who would win a war between Japan and Australia?
Who would win a War between US & Allies Vs Russia, China, India, Iran & Allies?
If Captain Underpants and Robbie Rotten fought, who would win?
Harbour seal vs Giant pacific octopus
Who would win this match: Twelve Bengal Tigers vs 250 Barn Owls?
Who would win in their current versions, Lobo or The Hulk?
The best air bender vs the best fire bender: Who would be victorious?
What would happen if every animal north of the equator fought to the death every animal south of the equator, ignoring all roads and humans that were in their way as they ran to the battlefront along the equator?
What would happen if China suddenly attacked India?
Is Star Lord being set up to defeat Thanos?
Who'd win, The Shuukaku Jinchuuriki with access to all the sand they want VS Gajeel in his Shadow-Steel mode?
Who would win in a full-on war between Afghanistan and Australia? No allies are allowed to be involved, and everything is used on both sides including all weapons/planes/tanks/bombs etc.
Could any historical medieval warrior defeat The Mountain?
Who'd win, Batman vs. King Shark?
Solid Snake vs MCU Captain America, Winter Soldier and Black Panther: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight, Brienne or Daario?
Hypothetically, Who will win in a fight between Jay Garrick and Barry Allen?
Who would win, YFC vs A Random Opponent?
Who would win in a single combat between Eddard Stark and Tony Stark?
In a presidential race between Cory Booker and Paul Ryan, who would win?
Who would win, All Might in his base/regular form vs Shazam in his kid form?
How can Mr. Rogers ACTUALLY win The Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny?
My Sinister Six from Batman's rogues gallery vs. The actual Sinister Six
Honey Badgers attack Animal Farm. How long do the animals last?
Black Panther finds himself at Master Roshi's Island,can he learn how to use KI ? If so,then who's the strongest person he can beat ?
Who would win this duel: Mr. Incredible vs. Kratos in a fist fight?
If the current Kage minus Naruto fought who would win?
Who would win: Nightwing and Robin or a Batman clone?
WWW Olympic Games! Part 1: Nominations
Who would win, Cheetah vs 250 pound NFL linebacker?
Who would win, Goku and Vegeta vs Entire Marvel Universe?
Who would win this brawl: A bear that can science vs all the other bears?
All rappers gain the abilities that they claim in their published raps. They then engage in a fight to the death. Who wins?
Who would win, Movie version Bruce Wayne from "Batman Begins" vs Michael Jordan at a game of basketball?
Who'd win, RWBY Chibi vs Teen Titans Go?
Who would come out on top out of Rick, Reed Richards, Doctor Who, and Lex Luthor all walk into the... Shark tank, and why?
Who will win in a fight between Ironman and Cyborg?
Who'd win, Dante vs. Bayonetta?
Who would win, Hulk has raged to the point of haveing FTL travel speed, reaction speed, and combat speed. Who's the strongest he can beat?
What can we understand from the fight between Arvind Kejriwal and Kapil Mishra recently?
Who would win this fight: Mono-turners Ricky Bobby driving the "ME" car versus Zoolander?
Who would win, using weapons or hand-to-hand combat, between Jack Bauer and Daniel Craig's Bond?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Vs Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Rap Battle: Who would win?
Who would win, Doomsday from DC Comics versus the Doomsday-like character from Marvel?
Who would win this match: Captain Qwark's various boasts and things he says about himself are now totally true. Who could he beat now that he couldn't beat before?
Why don't we give Tim and Barbara guns and see if they can take down an armed Frank at 100 yards before he kills them both during hypothetical battles and fights?
Who would win, Son Goku "Final Hope of the Universe" vs Superman "Sword of Superman"?
Are we going to war with North Korea, and will it turn into WW3?
Who would win Star War's galactic empire or Star Treks Federation
Wonder Woman versus Martian Manhunter. Who would win?
Who would have the edge out of Elastigirl vs Jake the Dog vs Plasticman vs Mr. Fantastic vs Dr. Impossible , and why?
If all of the Avengers had their powers and tech removed, who would win in a free for all?
What would happen if someone wanted to go to the bathroom in a war in ancient times?
Who would win in a war between human and animals?
Who would win, Free for all, who comes out on top? Bruce Lee, Homer Simpson, Rocky Balboa, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Goku, a chimpanzee, Daniel Larusso, John Wick, Sparticus, Shredder, Superman, Ronda Rousey, Bender, and a kangaroo?
If an Asian elephant fought with an African elephant, which one would win?
What is the weakest fictional universe that could win the DBS Tournament of Power?
Ant-Man vs. Spider-man: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between Thor, Namor and Hulk vs Magneto, Doctor Doom and Juggernaut?
Who'd win, Sasuke Uchiha vs Edward Elric?
Who would win this fight: General Grievous vs Gray Fox?
Who'd win, Epic Mickey Vs. Shadow Mario?
Who would be victorious out of Ser Jaime Lannister vs Game of Thrones, and why?
Who'd win, 50 Modern Day Fighters vs the Luftwaffe?
What would you do if you went to war but you forgot to bring your guns?
Which American President would be the best choice to overcome the seven biggest crises in American history?
Who would win, Wonder Woman vs the God of War series?
If a war is fought between India and Israel, who will win?
Who would win in a fight, Hulk or Optimus Prime?
Any guesses on what information is still classified about World War Two?
Who would win a fight between The Spectre and Brainiac?
Who would win a war between Indonesia and iran?
Who will win in a battle between Eraserhead and Deku?
Who would win out of Donald Trump vs Kim Jong Un, and why?
You can send back 5 animals to the jurassic period to kill a T-Rex! All the animals are bloodlustedd and have been trained to work together to take on the dinosaur! What do you send? Who would win?
Who would win if the bear, the elephant, the gorilla, the hippo, the lion, the rhino and the tiger fought each other in a round-robin tournament?
Assuming Valyrian steel could block a lightsaber and slice through metal, who would win in a fight between pre-stump Jaime Lannister and General Grievous assuming Jaime has a Valyrian blade?
Is China getting more aggressive? Are we about to enter into WW3?
Who'd win, Willow Rosenberg vs Alice Quinn?
Who'd win, Daredevil, Punisher, Moon Knight and Black Panther vs Nightwing, Red Hood, Damian Wayne and Batman?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Satan Vs God, and why?
Joke Question : Who would win in a war between the Peace Corps and the Salvation Army?
Who would win in a paintball skirmish between Navy SEALs and the SAS?
Who would win this war: Azula vs. Buffy Summers?
Who would win, Luke Skywalker or Ahsoka Tano?
can President Trump drain the Swamp Thing?
Who would win, Wonder Woman vs. Superman vs. Batman?
Who would win, 3nd Form Frieza or Gohan?
What are the similarities between Halo and Star Wars? And who would win a fight, a Spartan or Jedi?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight between Jaime "Kingslayer" Lannister and Loras Tyrell?
Who would win a war between USA and Saudi Arabia?
Reign of Fire suddenly becomes a reality.
Who would win in a fight if Batman wears the hellbat armour and Iron Man wear his Uru armour?
Who'd win, Barack Obama vs Vladimir Putin in a 1v1 basketball game?
Who would win the football match between Turkey and Uzbekistan?
Which country will start WWIII?
Who would win in a fight between Mace Windu and General Grievous?
Who would win a fight between Apocalypse and Sebastian Shaw?
What superhero/villain could Limelight beat 5/10?
How strong is Colossus from X-Men? Can he fight Ben Grimm?
Who would win, Piccolo vs Android 18 and Beerus?
Who would win a debate between Noam Chomsky and Christopher Hitchens?
Who would win, Beerus vs Garfield the cat?
Who would win this battle: Captain Atom vs Thanos?
How does Boros stack up in the Dragon Ball Z Universe?
Vidre vs. Vin: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Michael Dundee or John Dalton?
Who would win: Master Chief or Capitan America?
You are completely invincible, invulnerable and immortal, but otherwise of normal, peak human physique and mental abilities. Who is the strongest being you could 6/10? Who would win?
Who would win a war between Iran and Israel in Syria?
Every atom in Goku’s body fires a Kamehameha at once. Who’s the weakest character that can survive the whole attack?
Pyromancer Battle Royale: Who comes at on top in this fire fight?
What's the weakest fictional weapon that could have won Germany the Second World War?
What is the outcome of a fight between Superman Prime and Infinity Gauntlet equipped Thanos? This will be very epic.
Who would have won the battle between Alexander the Great and Gengis Khan if they both lived in the same era?
How many Humans would it take to kill One 800lb Grizzly Bear in a fight to the death?
In a fight between Krona and Galactus , who would win?
Who'd win, 40k Ham Warriors are sent to conquer Earth, can they succeed, and if not, how far do they get?
Who would win, Katara and Toph vs. Comet-Enhanced Azula?
Who would win, Thanos with Infinity Gauntlet vs The Beyonders?
Every domestic cat versus every lion
Hanataro vs. huge Sabertooth Tiger: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this brawl: godzilla vs a t-rex?
Who would win, 501st Legion or 212th Legion?
Using the Spanish-American war technology, who would win between an army lead by Robert E. Lee, Ulysses S. Grant, and Stonewall Jackson against one by Eisenhower, Patton, and MacArthur?
Who'd win, Kazuma Kiryu vs. Wei Shen?
Who would win out of Metro man runs this superhero and villain themed gauntlet, and why?
Who would have the edge out of Ares vs Wonder Woman and Superman, and why?
Who would win the football match between Ecuador and Algeria?
What if the USSR started WW2 in 1938?
How many bears would it take to kill an elephant? How many tigers would it take? Who would win a fight between a bear and a tiger, both unafraid?
Who'd win, Donald Trump VS Charlie Sheen?
Aquaman vs The Shark Fighter: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight, Luke Skywalker or Sonic?
Battle of the Power Armors: Samus v. Doom Slayer v. Space Marine v. Master Chief v. Nanosuit v. Iron Man
How far back in time would we need to go for a modern production car to win a Nascar race? How about a 4-door sedan?
Who would have the edge out of Ghost Rider Vs Scorpion, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Ancalagon the Black and Balerion the Black Dread?
Who would win between Voldemort and Rick?
Who is the weakest character that could beat Molly Moon?
Who'd win, Thanos Vs Apocalypse?
How many how many live ice blue minks would it take to take down Drake?
Could Chuck Norris defeat Barack Obama in a fight?
Who would win, Uvogin or MCU Hulk?
If all the vault monsters of the Borderlands games fought, who would win?
Who would win in a war between Chuck Norris and Texas?
Why do people in the U.S. think the U.S. won WWII in Europe?
In an all out war, who would win between The Legos or the Green Soldiers and all related themes, such as cowboys and Indians?
Who would win out of Mr. Satan vs. Tank top Tiger, and why?
♫ Everybody was Kung Fu fighting... ♫ Can every adult on the planet use their new martial arts skills to defeat every cat on the planet, who are now as fast as lightning?
If WW3 happened, would most Democratic countries have a vote to join the war?
Who would win out of The Expendables vs. The Other Expendables, and why?
Who'd win, Colossus vs Gorilla Grodd?
Can an average skinny martial artist win a fight against an elite powerlifter?
Who would win in a war between Houses Bolton and Manderly?
Who would win out of Iron Fist vs Ryu, and why?
The villain of the last movie you watched runs for President. How far could he get?
Who would win, World Breaker Hulk or Superman?
Who would come out on top out of WWII allies vs. ISIS, and why?
Who would come out on top out of Aragorn VS Talion, and why?
In a hypothetical national struggle to reclaim freedom from a tyrannical government, would the US military fight against or alongside citizens?
Who would claim victory out of Michelle Obama VS. Margaret Thatcher, and why?
Who'd win, One Punch Man vs 40k?
Who will win in West Bromwich VS Burnley English Premier League?
Who would win, Frieza and his army vs Allied Shinobi Force?
Of the four elements, who would win among four bending masters?
Weakest Cat that can 5/10 Hoichi
Who would win this punch-up: Po vs Captain America. I'm calling you out /u/Phapn?
Can Mamoru Takamura defeat Stevonnie without using Gem powers in a boxing match?
Who would win this war: Liberty Prime vs Metal Gear Sahelanthropus?
Who would win in a fight, Darth Sidious or Darth Vader?
Who would win in a one on one fight between William Wallace and Genghis Khan?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Kratos vs Kai, and why?
Who would win in a fight: Superman or Jason Bourne?
Who would win in a fight, Gray Fullbuster or Sub-Zero?
Who would win, Sandman , Crocodile , and Gaara are all challenged to a Sandcastle building competition?
What are the statistical chances of becoming a self made millionaire versus winning the lottery?
Who wins in a fight, a sleestack or a gorn?
If the US-South Korean alliance dissolved and the US fought both North Korea and South Korea in a war, would the US win?
What would happen if Japan were sent from the day after the Nagasaki nuclear blow back to the year 1274, during the first Mongolian invasion? Could Japan rebuild her might and start a new territorial conquest?
Who would win in a fight between Dooku and Maul vs. Yoda?
Who would win, Silverback Gorilla or African Cape Buffalo?
Who would win, Elder Kai vs Son Goku?
Who would win in a fight, The Iron Giant versus Megatron?
Who would win, Power Rangers vs The Avengers?
What would happen if China declared war on Russia right now?
Is there any version of the Hulk that knows any fighting skills?
Weakest character that could have caused the dinosaurs to go extinct?
Who would be victorious out of Men vs Apes, and why?
Who would win out of Bear vs. lion, and why?
What effect would Donald Trump winning the GOP presidential nomination have on the Senate and Congressional races?
Who would win this brawl: Hippo vs Grizzly Bear?
Will there be a massive fight between the Mountain and the Faith Militants in S6 E8?
Who would be the champion out of t-rex vs what modern land animal/group of land animals could possibly win, and why?
Shrek vs Po the Kung Fu Panda: Who would come out on top?
How quickly can humanity crash the Earth into Mars?
Who is winning the race, Tesla, Waymo or drive.ai?
Who would win between Sasuke and Orochimaru?
Who would be the champion out of Batman Vs. A T-Rex, and why?
Who would win in a fight between one who could wield all of the ocular jutsu and one with all of the mystic eye abilities?
Who Would Win? J.C. Denton or The Protagonist of Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines?
Which one of our Primate "cousins" wins? A full grown male Neanderthal in peak shape or a full grown male Chimpanzee in peak shape?
Who would win in a fight, Yoshi or Tenya Iida?
Who would win in a fight between the MCU versions of Spider-Man and Luke Cage?
Who would win: Jubi vs. Godzilla?
Who would be the victor out of Superman vs a dog with one year of prep time by Batman, and why?
Hulk v. Saitama
Strongest animal an average adult could take down.
All the people on the cover of the album Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band in a Free For All
Who would win a fight between Darth Vader and Darth Malgus?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Doomsday Vs. Silver Surfer, and why?
Lion vs Alligator: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Housecat vs equally-sized lobster?
Who'd win, Killer Whale vs. 5 Polar Bears?
Who would claim victory out of MCU Captain America vs 616 Captain America, and why?
Who will win in the battle for users between Cortana, Extreme Assistant, Siri, and Google Assistant?
Who would win out of Hank Hill vs Spongebob, and why?
Why do liberal Democrats think that they can win a lot of competitive 2018 midterm races when they can't even beat Cheetoh Mussolini, and could barely beat an unhinged theocratic pedophile?
Adam West as Batman vs a lake full of sharks.
Who would win in a battle between Philip Augustus and Richard the Lion-Hearted?
Who would win in a war between Malaysia and Indonesia vs Argentina and Brazil, if they were all in one continent?
If there is a civil war between the divisions of Bangladesh, who will win?
Who'd win, Mace Windu vs. Talion?
Who will win in a fight between Dr Doom and Green Lantern?
Who would win in a fight, a wolverine or a cougar?
Who wins in a battle between Bugs Bunny and Superman?
Who would win out of Master Chief and Captain America VS Batman N52 and Black Panther, and why?
Who would win the war: the Arab League or Mexico and Brazil?
Who will win in a war between China and India? What would be the standings of other nations?
Who would win in a fight between a tiger-sized cat and a tiger?
You have access to a time machine, the fusion technique , 18 historical figures of your choice, and 10 billion dollars. How do you defeat the Bat Family? Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Hokage Kakashi or Kazekage Gaara?
Who'd win, Iron Man vs Spider-Man?
You take over the body of the villain of the last movie/show/video game/book you've viewed. How do you ensure total victory for the baddies? Who would win?
How would your country react if an undead army or ghost army attacked?
Kylo Ren must live in a house with Bob Ross, Mr. Rogers, and Uncle Iroh. Can they bring Kylo back to the light even if he watches the original Star Wars trilogy every day: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight between a Kangal and a Boerboel?
Who would win, Bizarro vs Superman?
What are some tips for winning a fight?
Sephiroth vs Wolverine ...who would win? Why?
Who would win in a fight, kid Naruto or Natsu?
Who would claim victory out of Komodo Dragon vs Honey Badger, and why?
Who is a better fighter a jedi or Ras Al Gul?
Who would win in a fight to the death between Wolverine and Scorpion , and why?
Who would win, Jiren versus New 52, Post-Crisis, and Pre-Crisis Superman?
Who would claim victory out of 1 Chinese Carrier Battle group vs North Korea's entire military, and why?
Paw Patrol vs. The Lion Guard. Which animal rescue squadron would win in a fight?
A bloodlusted Tiger burst into your room
Who would win this combat: Five highly trained Navy SEALs vs five human sized robots being controlled by professional Counter Strike players?
What is the strongest durability feat that a human in the real world has and, assuming the amount of force generated transfers over to comics, what's the strongest fictional attack we could tank?
Navy SEAL copypasta guy VS Batman: Who would be the winner?
Between the Nazis and the Soviets, which were less harsh on POWs?
Who would win, an army from Hell or a really angry guy with a shotgun and fists?
Osama bin Laden gains the powers of one thing from his computer. Can he 5/10 Seal Team Six?
If Hillary Clinton wins the presidential race, what does she plan to do about China and the situation in South China Sea?
Who would win in a battle royal amongst the Dark Knights of DC Metal?
Your flair vs the person who replied to your comment's flair
Who would win, Superman or Kirby?
How would a hypothetical fight between a anne rice vampire and a wizard go?
Which would win, a pit bull that has rabies or a K-9-trained German shepherd?
If World War 3 broke out, what scenarios do you think might occur and who might align with who?
Who would win, The Huge Brain vs Brain Guy?
Fox McCloud vs Boba Fett: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Sasuke Uchiha with Kirin from the Naruto anime series vs Hiei with dark power and at full power from the YuYu Hakusho anime?
8 Modern US Navy Seals v.s. 300 Man 14th Century Serbian Army
Who'd win, Angel vs. Marvel's Daredevil?
A discussion on "weight classes" for fights between characters with varying degrees of power.
Who'd win, Batman vs captain america in a boxing match?
Who would win in a battle between Snake Plisskin and Mad Max?
Who would be the winner out of 12-year-old athletic girl training in BJJ versus 75-year-old man who used to be a BJJ champion, and why?
If every member of this sub had a lantern ring assigned to them, who would win in a fight?
Who would claim victory out of 5 Spartans vs. T-Rex, and why?
Who would come out on top out of Composite Geralt of Rivia vs. Talion, and why?
What will happen if there is a fight between the EU and the USA? Who would win, and whom would Russia help?
How many times has there been a fight between tennis players?
Who would win a war between the Carabinieri and the Italian Army?
Who's the strongest Pokemon that Max could beat?
Who would win in a fight, Bowser or Ridley?
Who would win in a battle between Thor and Black Panther?
Roronoa Zoro vs The Water Temple: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, a well-fed Galactus or the DC Universe?
Animal Battle Royale
The burning legion invades bet, The warrior appears on azeroth
Who's the most powerful for the judeo Christian God could defeat, based purely on feats.
What would you do after winning Mr. and Miss Janakpur Icon?
Who would win in a battle between the Netflix/ABC Marvel heroes and the CW DC heroes, Black Lightning included?
Hypothetical Scenarios: Could a professional fighter survive an encounter with a fully grown healthy gorilla determined to kill him, without feigning death?
Who would win, Captain Braxton is trying to destroy Voyager with a hijacked Krenim temporal battleship. Can Daniels stop him and who would be the best person to recruit?
How will the fight between para commando and NSG?
Who'd win, Strangereal vs Our World?
You with a longsword vs You with a fire axe Who would win?
Weakest character that can beat the living tribunal?
Who would win in a fight, Cyborg or Genos?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win a fight between Boba Fett and Tony Stark?
Aquaman vs. Black Panther: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a war between Turkey and Germany if the two would share a land border?
Who would win between a white walker army and 7 Balrogs?
Who would win, Due to some bizarre weird timey whimmy thing multiple heroes and villains are dropped into a river filled with crocodiles and piranhas, who survives or kills them all?
Who would win, Deadshot or El Diablo?
Who'd win, Aang vs the Fire Ferrets?
USA invades India
Which one wins in the race, the iPhone X or the Pixel 2?
Odin vs. The Hulk, who would win a battle?
Who would win this match: Goku VS Sasuke?
Why is a superman punch more effective in a fight?
Who would win an epic rap battle: Yoda or Gollum?
When will the fight between Brock and Connor happen?
Who would win in a fight, Vegeta or Mewtwo?
Who would win, Hulk insanely angry vs Ultron?
What will a combat between two equally stealth aircrafts be like? Will it be short or long range?
What are Piyush "Bobby" Jindal's chances of winning in the U.S. presidential elections in 2016?
You with a bow & arrow and a ten second head start vs me with a Lightsaber Who would win?
Bloodlusted Flash vs. Jiren
The Sith bowl
Hypothetical scenario: who would win a conventional war between the British army 2015 and the British army 1940s?
Who is the strongest Pokemon your cat could defeat?
Of all the clothing brand mascots, who would win?
Could any of the human Marvel characters stand up to Merlin from “The Sword In Stone”?
Featuring Felicia Hardy, the Black Cat!
What if Germany and Great Britain's roles switched in WW2?
Who would win, Iwne vs MCU Thanos?
Who would win, Atrocitus or the Hulk?
Strongest thing you could defeat by hitting it with a Nerf bat?
Who would win in a full-scale conventional war between ISIS and South Vietnam? And who would you root for?
Dio Brando enters the Twilight universe, intent on killing every vampire there. Can he do it?
Who would win in a battle between 1,000 Taino warriors vs 1,000 Iroquois warriors?
How Many Bloodlusted Silverbacks would it take to kill a T-Rex?
Who would win in a battle between a 200CE Imperial Roman Legion and a 1300CE medieval Japanese army?
Who will win, Stromsgodset versus Molde, in the Norwegian Tippeligaen?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Dr. Doom vs Icon, Black Panther, Steel, Black Lightning and Luke Cage, and why?
Who would win, Black cat vs Peak humans?
Who would win a battle of the wits, between Bugs Bunny and Bender from Futurama?
Who would win, 1,000 Humans vs 1,000 Elephants?
Who would win this battle: Jar Jars pants vs Jar Jars shorts?
Who would win a battle between the Sontarans and the Jem'hadar?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Spiderman vs. Static Shock vs. Danny Phantom... in a quip off, and why?
Who would win between Deathwing and The Balrog?
Why did America win against Russia in the space race?
Who would win, the Forerunners or the ancient humans and San'shyuum?
Triceratops VS African bush elephant: Who would be the champion?
Who would win this punch-up: Moses vs two sharks?
Ash Ketchum Vs. North Korea: Who would win?
Who'd win, Fourteen silverback gorillas who are missing their thumbs and have only been able to eat 50% of their daily diet for 3 months vs. 7 fully fed horses that have been locked up for a week with a bunch of mares in heat and unable to release?
Who would be the champion out of Seleucid empire vs roman empire, and why?
Who would win, Black Widow or Thanos?
What level does a D&D wizard need to be to defeat different characters from Middle Earth, Star Wars, Harry Potter and Discworld?
Why did Japan execute many atrocities when invading China, although some of them thought they were highly civilized?
Who would win a fight, a Great white shark or a Pacific white sided dolphin?
What would happen if some mad country was able to steal every single nuclear bomb in the world, and starting launching them to fulfill their quest to conquer the world?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of MCU Black Panther VS Fox Deadpool, and why?
Gazorpazorpfield gets transported to Earth, while Garfield goes to Gazorpazorp, who gets their respective dishes first?
Who'd win, Batman vs Black Panther?
Who would win, Komodo Dragon vs. King Cobra?
You now have The SpeedForce™, who is the weakest person that could kick your ass? Who would win?
Who would win, Baby Pan vs Arale?
What would be one word to describe each country's tank doctrine during World War 2?
In a fight to the death, who would win between Jason Voorhees from Friday the 13th or Michael Myers from Halloween?
Who would win in a fight between Hannibal Barca and Robert E. Lee?
What if, the Spartans were given guns and bullets ammunition, and taught how to use them?
What would have happened if all five of the Istari fought Sauron at his strongest at the same time?
North Korea vs. Rational Guy with a Meeseeks Box: Who would win?
Which TV or Movie version of a comic book character could beat their comic counterpart?
What is the unluckiest event in the history of war?
Who would win this punch-up: 200 A-wings vs 200 F-35A Lightning II's?
In the Rick Riordan universe, if the Olympians fought Asgard, who'd win?
Who would win this brawl: Thor, Jane Foster, and Beta Ray Bill vs Superman, Wonder Woman, and Shazam?
After the capitulation of France and after the successful operation Weserubung when the Nazis had the complete upper hand, what if Hitler tried to sue for peace with the British and succeeded in doing so?
Who would win this brawl: The Mountain vs The Bear?
Spawn vs. ghost rider: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, White Walkers and Wights versus Death Troopers?
Who would win In a battle between Molag bal and boethiah?
Who'd win, Weakest character who could convince Deadpool that he was a cow and immediately needed to go graze in a field?
King Kazma vs. Neo
Who'd win, Corvo Attano VS. Adam Jensen?
Who would win Evil Kid Buu or Jiren?
Who would win in a race between the American crocodile and the American alligator?
If Elrond and Galadriel fought with their rings, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between The Incredible Hulk and Uncle Phil?
Who would win in a fight between Kratos and Luke Skywalker?
Any 5 historical badassses from history VS. Master Chief
Who is the strongest Pokemon, using the pokedex as a source?
Who would win, Magento vs. Whaleverine?
In a 1v1 confrontation what is the deadliest living land animal?
How would you fare in a fight with Jesus?
If a World War broke out tomorrow, who would win if there were no nuclear weapons used?
Would Juggernaut or Rhino win in a fight?
Who would win in a fight, Greek gods or Egyptian gods?
Legendary Heroes from Across Time and Space, Prepare Yourself for Character Scramble 9: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a race: Usain Bolt or Insane Bolt?
You Run A 1v1 Gauntlet Who would win?
You are on a blind dating show. The host describes the personalities, not the names, powers, or genders of your bachelors. Which superhero do you decide to date? Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Jurassic Park Raptor vs. Full Grown Siberian Tiger, and why?
Mecha Satan vs Kaiju Pope Francis: Who would have the best chance of winning?
How many eagles would it take to kill a T-rex?
Who would win in a fight between Vegito and Grand Priest?
The dovakin at level 50 and the vault 111 survivor at level 50 fight. Who would win?
How many Mall Cops does it take to take down A Bloodlusted Navy SEAL?
Who would win: Rick Sanchez or The Doctor?
Who would win this punch-up: Arceus vs the Biblical God?
Who would win this punch-up: Juggernaut vs Hulk?
The ultimate fortnite-style showdown of 100 of the greatest nonmagical individuals from movies, books, and TV shows: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Chimpanzee or cow?
Song Man has the powers described in the chorus of whatever song he listens to. Who is the strongest opponent he can defeat, and how: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Doctor Doom?
My Hero Academia Class 1-A takes the hero test from One Punch Man and go fight the villains
A normal sized horse with human intelligence vs a largish octopus with human intelligence: Who would win?
Who would win, Darth Sidious or Kenobi?
Will we see a WW3?
Who wins in a fight: Cosmic Armour Superman vs Galactus?
Who would win a war between Russia and Israel without nuclear weapons, being fought in Russia?
We're replacing the bloodmatch flair
Weakest character who can beat Floyd Mayweather Jr. in a 12 round boxing match?
Who would win, Rational Man with an M16 vs. a full grown T-Rex?
Who would win, Roman Empire vs Confederate States of America?
A fair fight for Jamie
If Lycans & Werewolves were in The Vampire Diaries & The Originals TV series, would they easily kill the vampires whether in Lycan form or human form with inhuman strength & abilities?
Who will win if there is a fight between Super Commando Dhruv and Batman?
The US Military floods into Gotham with the intent to kill Batman, how long would Bats last?
Saitama runs an DBZ/S gauntlet
Who would win a war between Sikh and Hindus for Khalistan?
Who would claim victory out of Prof. Charles Xavier vs The Hypnotoad, and why?
Who would win in a fight between All-Might and Saitama?
Who will win in a war between the UNSC and the Citadel species?
Who would win, Thanos or Cosmic Armor Superman?
Who wins in a fight: Toneri vs Adult Sasuke?
Aliens, but Bishop is replaced by K
If Superheros/Villains were given typings like Pokemon, who would win using game Mechanics?
Oh shit! Thanos has arrived on Earth, and your the only superhero on the planet. You get one random power. How do you protect the Earth?
Ultimate Fighting Fiction Rodents
Who'd win, A heavyweight UFC fighter of your choice vs a fully grown coyote?
Who would win in a fight, or simply who has more power: God Emperor Doom , the Pre-Retcon Beyonder or Molecule Man?
Could the South have won the U.S. Civil War?
What is the minimum number of soldiers that historical armies would need to defeat one adult male gorilla at least 9/10 times?
Scientifically, who would win the fight of a black mamba vs. an inland taipan?
If you were the Führer in 1943 and just lost the Battle of Stalingrad, what would you do with 10 ICBM nukes? What cities would you use them on, with knowledge of what we know in 2016?
Who would win, The First Order vs The UNSC?
Mob vs Karou Akashi: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, Human sized human VS Human sized T-rex?
Who would win in a wrestling match, Roman Reigns or Edge?
Who would win in a fight, Superman or Sailor Moon?
Who would win in a fight between 25 badgers versus 1 bear?
If a Samurai Warrior were given a lightsaber, could he have a chance against a Jedi Master?
Arthas the Lich King VS Lei Shen the Thunder King
Who would win in a fight: Goku or Thor?
Who would win, SSJ2 Trunks or SSJ IKARIA Trunks?
Who would win in a one-on-one fight between Savage Hulk and Doomsday?
did rick Sanchez get drunk and wakes up in bed along junko enoshima
Who is the strongest foe the invasion force from "Day of the Black Sun: Part 1" can defeat?
Who would be the winner in a fight between Batman and Iron Man without any of them holding back on gadgets?
Who would win, Freddy Krueger appears in the 616 Marvel Universe and starts going after heroes. What happens next?
Who'd win, Kratos vs Naruto, Speed Equalized?
What are the chances of winning snakes and ladders in 7 moves?
Who would win this brawl: Mumen Rider VS Ghost Rider?
If the United States lost a hypothetical war between it, Russia, and China, what would most likely become of the United States?
In a three-way war between Mutants, Inhumans, and Metahumans, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Superman Prime and the Spectre?
If everyone in the world fought to the death with pool noodles, who would win?
Featured Character: Colonel Fedmahn Kassad
Who would win in a war between Egypt and Spain?
Who would win out of Doomsday vs The Entire One Punch Universe, and why?
Wonder Woman gets Thor's hammer, Mjolnir. Who is the strongest character than she can beat now?
Who would win in a battle between a Force user and a wizard from the Harry Potter universe?
All out shark battle!
What's an example of Odin defending or fighting for Loki?
Who would win this match: Yhwach vs Dante?
How many zerglings would it take to kill a grizzly bear?
Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Starfire, Raven, Batgirl and Black Canary join forces with Catwoman, Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy, Cheetah, Enchantress and Thorn to form a basketball team. Can they all work long enough to win an NBA Championship without imploding via dissension: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight between Voldemort and Thor?
Who would win, 5 Iron Legion Armor Drones or 5 Chitauri soldiers?
Which kamen rider can win every versus battle they are put in and why?
Who would win, Gloryverse vs Geryuganshoop?
Who'd win, Cheetah vs Timberwolf?
Who would win this brawl: Ghost Rider vs Dirk Strider?
Who would win this match: a moose or a polar bear?
Who would win in a fight between Meliodas and Son Goku?
Germany Wins WWI; German-Puppet Poland Annexes Latvia & Estonia
If Oberyn could stay 100% focused and bloodlusted, who from GoT would actually be able to beat him in melee combat?
If all animal species on earth "decided" to wipe out all other species and races, how would the battle look, and who would win?
What would the plot of “Independence Day: Resurgence” look like if the First Order replaced the harvesters and invaded the Earth in 2016 instead?
Who would win, the Carolina Hurricanes or the Carolina Panthers? Both are playing baseball.
Why is a fight between two women called a cat fight?
Who would win, Lou Ferrigno Hulk or MCU Iron Fist?
Who would win in a fight between squadrons of F-15 and MiG-29?
Who would win in a fight between Lucifer and the Hulk?
Batman vs. Spiderman: Who would win?
What is the fight between Arijit Singh and Salman? How did it start in the first place?
Who will win, Deadpool or T-1000?
Who will win in a fight between Captain James T. Kirk and the Kingpin?
In an all-out war between all sci-fi factions, with no alliances or time-travel, who would win?
Who'd win, Jason Voorhees Vs Michael Myers?
Who would win a war between the United States and a combined military force of each and every African country, basically, the U.S. vs all 54 nations combined?
All orginized crime operations in North America vs North Korea.
Who would win in a war between Ancient Rome at its peak vs Italy today?
In a hypothetical battle between the whole of Overwatch versus a standard force of Titans , who wins?
Who would win in a fight, Kakashi or Laxus Dreyar?
Who would win a war between the United Kingdom and North Korea?
How would a one-on-one war between America and New Zealand in 1940 have played out?
Who would win, X-23 vs Blade?
an ordinary guy with hatchet vs the world's largest saltwater crocodile
How many bloodlusted angry cats would it take to kill Batman?
If all 43 U.S. Presidents were to run for office in 2016, who would win? Also, who would be best suited to deal with the current issues?
Who would win in a war between Napoleon's France or Genghis Khan's Empire?
What should I do to win a 10 K race?
Who'd win, MCU Thanos based on nothing but feats explicitly shown in trailers vs. The cast of infinity war but not in their MCU roles?
You are tasked with killing the US president. You can train for a year with one of the characters listed below. Who do you pick? Who would win?
You gain the ability to communicate through time, but only to past US Presidents. Can you guide America to taking over the world? Who would win?
Who would win this combat: A Lion and a Jaguar VS a Polar Bear?
If the entire military of South Korea were deployed to Syria, how would they fare against Turkey and Saudi arabia?
Is comabt glima useful in a fight situation?
Who would win a fight between Jason Voorhees and Predator?
Dog vs Bigby Wolf: Who would be the victor?
Your SO vs Your IRL secret crush in a fist/cat fight
Who would win, Toph vs gaara but with a twist?
Who is the weakest person that can beat the Mane Six and an adult Spike?
What Pokemon item would be most useful in an actual fight?
Is the fighting between democrats and republicans a farce?
Who would win, aliens from Space Jam movie vs Justice League?
Who'd win, New England Patriots vs Ohio State Buckeyes?
Who'd win, Team Bat VS Team Cap?
Who'd win, Batman vs. Green Goblin?
Who would win, Clifford the Big Red Dog, powered up by Rachel Lindt , vs. Godzilla?
Who would win a fight between a 1000lb alligator and a 1000lb crocodile?
Who would win this combat: John Wick vs a guy with a bunch of dogs duct taped to him?
What would be the earliest iteration of Goku that could 5/10 Thanos?
How many gorillas would it take to kill a hippo?
Who would win, between a Rapier Master or Sabre Master?
Which is the strongest historical army I could defeat if I controlled 50% of the worlds goats?
Who would win, Bergamo or Elder Kai?
You vs. three bloodlusted piranhas Who would win?
Why is Dassault Rafale not popular among other NATO nations outside France?
Who would win, Batman or Mr. Incredible?
Who would win, Endbringers and Old Gods switch places. Which universe fares better?
Who would win out of stephen hawking who can spontaneously collapse into a black hole VS Paul Dirac composed purely of antimatter VS matthew mcconaughey living inside a 5-d bookshelf, and why?
Who would win in a fight: American Wolf or African Hyena?
Who would win, one silver back gorilla vs one standard Jurassic Park Veloci raptor?
Who would win in a battle to the death between the teams of Ghost Rider, The Flash, and Doctor Strange vs Deadpool, Juggernaut, and the Enchantress?
What would be a fair opponent against 10 raptors?
Who would win, Thor Vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a battle between 100,000 Polish winged hussars and 100,000 Mongols?
Who would win if Rama's forces from the Ramayana took on Yudhisthira's from the Mahabharata?
This needs to be settled: Who is the strongest character Korra can beat?
Obama V Marvel.
Who would win in a battle between Julius Cesar vs Suleyman the Magnificent?
Who would win in a fight between a silverback gorilla and 5 male baboons?
Batman vs Black Panther, DareDevil, and Moon Knight: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Meta: We should really improve the quality of the animal kingdom fights. Example post-Honey Badger vs a wolverine?
Which party would be likely to win Delhi assembly elections if elections were held in October-November 2014?
Who would have the edge out of Ironman vs Wonder Woman, and why?
Is there a chance of a violent civil war against the Indians in the USA, given that the trend is against their presence there? Is the trend only getting stronger each year?
Who would win this punch-up: The Fire Nation vs The Amazons?
Who would win this match: George Lucas finally has the time and a hammer, can he track down every single copy of the Star Wars Holiday special, and destroy it?
Who would win, Vampire Batman vs Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
Who would win: Emperor Palpatine or Dovahkiin?
Who would be the winner out of Tiger Woods and a Tiger inside a house made out of Tigerwood vs Bloodlusted Grizzly Bear, and why?
Who would win in a fight between a large olive baboon and a grey wolf?
Who would win in a fight, Gon Freecss or Kid Goku?
Athletics: Did Milkha Singh actually win 77 out of the 80 races he ran & did he actually break the world record at any point of his career?
Who would win a fight between a Doberman and German Shepherd?
Who would win in a war, modern humans or a massive army of basically the entire animal kingdom?
Is agility useful in a fight?
Who would win in a fight, Godzilla or Thanos?
Could Black Panther's suit hold up to a lightsaber strike?
Armless Tiger Man vs. actual tigers: Who would have the edge?
Who would claim victory out of Dr. Who + Batman vs. Professor X + Deadpool, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Godzilla vs The Void Dragon, and why?
Angry bull vs. alpha male gorrilla: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in hand to hand combat, a Native American or a Native African?
Who would be the champion out of Captain America vs Bruce Wayne in a boxing match, and why?
What's the strongest animal that a human could defeat?
Who would win? Thanos or Aizen
Who would win, Bulma or Mai?
Who would win in a fight, Raditz or Space Godzilla?
2 Fallout Deathclaws vs 5 Jurassic Park Raptors: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a hand to hand battle between Batman and Big Boss?
Who would win in a fight between four Mike Tysons and an adult grizzly bear?
How long would it take for the USA to conquer Belgium? No allies on either side, no nukes.
If the NYPD and the military of Ethiopia were at war, who would win?
What would win in a fight between 1,000 17th Century Galleons and an Iowa-Class Battleship?
Who would win this combat: A fly with human intelligence vs a human with fly intelligence?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Dumbledore or Doctor Strange?
How many normal wolves could the Stark children's 6 Direwolves take in a fight?
Composite humans from various ages take on UFC stars in a fight to the death
How long would a fight between a bloodlusted tiger and wolf last?
What kind of creatures should the monsters from Undertale be able to win against in a war?
Who will win in a fight between a modern most advanced battle ship and the entire royal fleet of the 1800s?
If a Shaolin monk took on a MMA sportsman who would win? Why?
What would win in a fight, a Siberian tiger or a brown bear?
Will they really show a fight between the Flash and the Arrow?
Knight Arthur travels claim his title as King of England, but instead of a legendary sword, there lies a hammer inscribed, "Mjolnir". How does the legend of Arthur, King of Thunder play out?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The Ghostbusters vs. Luigi at catching Ghosts, and why?
Who would win this combat: Little Mac replaces his brawn and boxing skills for intelligence, can he build a better suit than MCU iron man?
Who wins the fight between Naruto and Haku?
Who would win this combat: The Beast is fused with The Hulk and takes on the multiverse?
Who will win: Saitama or Korosensei?
Who would win this match: Anime Bulbasaur vs Manga Bulbasaur?
Who would have the edge out of The Gem Empire vs the Irken Empire for the fate of the solar system, and why?
Who will win in a fight, Doraemon or Goku?
What are some great moves to use in a fight?
Who would win in a fight, Dormmamu or Galactus?
If Russia and the US engaged in a nuclear war would ICBM’s fly over the Nouth Pole to the enemy?
Who'd win, Quiet vs Sniper?
Who would claim victory out of 2 Pandas VS 1 Blue Whale, and why?
Doomslayer, doomguy, doommarine whatever you wanna call him gets a red lantern power ring. Who is the strongest fictional character he is capable of beating?
What would have happened if a Carthage army with elephants led by Hannibal Barca fought an army of Barbaric Huns led by Attila the Hun? Who would win?
Who out of these two would win in a death battle, Enel or Valerie Lightning?
MAD SCIENCE! - Create your own army of animals against a gauntlet!
Who'd win, Jack Ryan vs. Booker DeWitt?
How many chimpanzees will it take to overwhelm/kill Batman and Nightwing?
Who would win, SWAT from SWAT TV show versus SEAL team from the SEAL Team TV show?
If Germany, Italy, Japan, Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania and Finland formed the axis today and fought England, France, Poland, Greece, Belgium, Netherlands, Norway and Denmark, would they win? And if the USA or Russia gets involved?
In a battle between Gandalf and Darth Sidious/the Galactic Emperor, who would win and why?
Who'd win, The Punisher vs Sterling Archer?
If the Justice League is divided into two equal teams of ten and they're going to have a normal dodgeball match, who would win?
Could Ronda Rousey win in a fight against someone in prison?
In trench warfare of the first World War, what would've happened if one side simply decided to never go over the top and instead be strictly defensive of their own trench in the hopes of inflicting as many casualties on attackers?
Who would win this war: 25 silverback gorillas in plate mail vs. Sparta's 300?
Who would win in a battle between Star Trek Enterprise and Battlestar Galactica?
How many unarmed humans would it take to kill King Hippo
Who would win, Bushidrill vs Okamataichi?
Who'd win, Super Saiyan 4 Goku Vs. Pre-Crisis Krypto the super dog?
All 45 Presidents of the United States in a free for all... with Lightsabers.
Who would win in a battle between a baboon and a mandrill?
How brutal was the Eastern Front in World War 2?
Who would win in a fight between Batgirl and The Spoiler?
Who would win, Average man VS. 6 hungry dingos?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Deathstroke?
A deep-sea mission finds a giant, sleeping "monster."
Who Would Win: Man from 100,000 years ago vs Man from today
In a war between the Rebel Alliance and the Helghast from Killzone, who would win?
When running the hurdles, can you win a race by just crashing into the hurdles, rather than jump over them?
Could the United States, with one year of prep, conquer and indefinitely control the entire world?
How do you beat someone in a fight who just can't be beaten?
Current Goku gets equalized with your favorite character. How does your favorite character do in a fight?
How many Lightsabertooth tigers does it take to take down Superman?
How many Tiger IIs would it take to destroy a M1 Abrams?
How effective could a remotely piloted drone be in a dogfight with a piloted fighter jet?
Who would win a war between Ethiopia and Nigeria, if they were neighbors?
How likely is a war between Iran and Saudi Arabia? If this did happen, what would be the result?
Who would win, 1 full grown lion vs 2 full grown farm pigs?
Who would be the winner in a nuclear war between Russia and the UK? Which countries would take sides with the UK & with Russia in a war?
Who would win in a fight between a wolf and a dhole?
Forerunners vs Mother Brain + all the Space Pirates + all the Metroids: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fist fight between Putin and Netanyahu in their respective primes?
Who'd win, Vegeta and Goku against some Marvel Heroes?
What will happen if Third World War would take place on the Earth? What will happen to India?
Who would win this war: Bat-Family vs WWE?
Who would come out on top out of 1 million clones of Ant-Man armed with mentos charged coke cans vs the Hulk, and why?
Who would have the edge out of A horse vs a zebra, and why?
How many drunk frat boys would it take to kill a hippo?
Who is the strongest character Ip Man can defeat in H2H combat?
In an all out war between the NYPD and the LAPD, who would win?
Who would have currently been winning the 2016 GOP nomination if Donald Trump wouldn't have entered the race in the first place?
Who would win, Superman or Goku MSSJ?
Who would claim victory out of A medieval knight, a samurai, a spartan and a viking are all trained from birth to fight against Earth's mightiest animals. Can they win, and why?
Who would win, WWW? A human baby with the same strength of an Adult gorilla, vs baby gorilla. :?
Abrahamic God vs Zeus Poseidon, Hades, Thor, Odin, Ra, and Osiris: Who would be the victor?
What's the strongest character from a book you can beat?
Who would win in a duel, Aang or Korra?
Could Pinky and the Brain take over the world in the Marvel universe?
Best pro starcraft 2 player against a top historical military mind
Your only weapon is a boombox that can only play Cat's in the Cradle. Who's the strongest fictional character you can beat?
How many combatants and civilians died as the direct result of U.S. military operations during the most recent war between the United States and Iraq?
Who would win: Aragorn or Jaime Lannister?
Who would win in a magical duel of their most recent incarnations, Doctor Strange or Zatanna?
Who will win between Kratos and Black Panther?
Geralt switches places with Ned Stark on the way to King's Landing. How would events transpire with the White Wolf serving as Hand of the King in the pit of vipers that is King's Landing?
Who would claim victory out of Star Fox vs Rocket Raccoon, and why?
Who would be victorious out of The 300 vs. 500 Riders of Rohan, and why?
As promised too long ago, Ryuko Matoi w/Senketsu Ladder
Who would win in a duel between a Maratha and a Sikh?
Out of all the different versions of "Link" from the Legend of Zelda, who would win?
Who would win a battle royal between John Wick, Jason Bourne, Frank Castle, James Bond, Ethan Hunt, Jack Bauer, Bryan Mills and John McClane?
If the top 64 wealthiest people in the U.S. physically fought each other MMA-style in a single elimination tournament, who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Guy Sensei or Naruto?
Who would win between Thor and spiderman?
Who would win between the Plumbers from Ben 10 and the Empire from Star Wars?
Omnipotence on WhoWouldWin?
Who would win, Mike Tyson in his prime vs. A Grizzly Bear of equal height and weight to Tyson?
Who would win in a fight, Megatron or Lex Luthor?
Who would win, Princess Leia or Luke Skywalker as a farmer?
What will happen to the world if the US go war with North Korea?
What are the differences between combat officers and engineers in all Indian Arm Forces as far as career is concerned?
Who would win in a fight, the MCU Cosmic entities with the Infinity Stones versus MCU Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet and Stones?
Who'd win, Polar bear vs. Silverback Gorilla armed with an aluminum baseball bat?
Who would be the winner out of Indominus Rex and 30 Raptors vs King Kong and 30 Silverback Gorillas, and why?
What are the Biblical guides to winning every battle of life as a Christian?
Who would win this battle: 1 fully grown adult male wolf vs 2 golden retrievers?
Could Donald Trump win the deep blue states in a race against Louis Farrakhan?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Carnage?
Who would win in a fight: a pride of lions or a pack of wolves?
Who would win in a race: Wallace West of Earth-22 or Superman Prime?
Who would win, North Korea vs. Hogwarts?
Who would win in a fight between a jaguar and a leopard?
Who would win a fight between Jaime Lannister vs. the Mountain?
Who is the strongest character or group that the full Westerosi Army of the Dead can beat?
How many foxes would it take to kill a human?
Who would win in a fight between Annabeth Chase and Isabelle Lightwood?
Who would win in a fight between Spider-Man and Pan?
Black Panther VS Deathstroke: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a hypothetical street fight between MSD and Yuvi?
Who will win it, if a war break out between China and Japan?
Who would win in a fight of Darth Vader versus Godzilla?
Who would win in a battle between Tony Stark and Erik Lancer?
Who would win in a fight, 5 chimpanzees or a gorilla?
Who would win in a fight between Lord Parashurama and Indrajith?
Who would win in a fight between Hulk and Mirajane Strauss?
Mike Tyson vs 95-96 Chicago Bulls: Who would win?
"And this gives you power over me?" Nolanverse Bane places his hand over these characters shoulders and ask them this question. Which of them reply with "Yes"..What happens?
If a wolf and a pitbull got into a fight, which one do you think would win?
If war breaks out between North and South Korea, what will happen at the JSA?
Who will win in a fight between Lobo and Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight? Bane or Soloman Grundy?
Flash and Green Lantern vs. Superman and Wonder Woman: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Thanos or Darth Sidious?
Who would win, Bergamo or MSSJ Goku?
Assuming they fought in atmosphere, who would win: Battlegroup Dakota or the entire Atlesian military?
Who'd win, Pennywise vs Alma?
Who would win in a fight between the Witch King of Angmar and Emperor Palpatine?
Who would win, Zorro or Inigo Montoya?
Who would win, Boros or Boros?
As of November 2017, is there likely going to be another war in the coming months?
If the Confederate States Navy had taken the delivery of all five of their foreign built sea-going ironclads by 1864, and assuming they were able to man, fuel, and arm them fully, what effect might they have had on the American Civil War's course?
Who'd win, Han Solo vs. Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds?
Who'd win, Gordon Freeman versus the 16 Colossi from Shadow of the Colossus?
Who would win, 5 Polar Bears vs 8 Female and 2 Male African Lions?
Who would win a war between Haiti and Jamaica?
Grizzly Bear V. Tiger V. Gorilla
Who would win in a battle between China and North Korea, and South Korea and Japan?
Who would win in a fight, Super Girl or Pan?
Which one would win if a battle happened between an Al-Khalid and an Arjun Mk II?
Fictional President and his administration: Who would be the champion?
How does a commando/soldier tell between an identically clad friend and foe in a combat situation?
Who'd win, Comic Brains vs Comic Brawn?
Who would be the winner out of Team 'Murica! vs Team Commie, and why?
One Robin to Rule Them All
an SC agent and combat drone gets dropped off in episode 2 . Does Palapatine's plan still come together?
Who'd win, The Shadow Collective vs the Blood Pack, Blue Suns and Eclipse leaded by Aria T'Loak?
Who has the bigger brains ... Batman or Sherlock Holmes?
Which has the advantage in combat between an M1A1 tank and an MI-24 helicopter?
Who would win, the 501st versus the 212th and also Phoenix Squadron versus Ace Squadron?
Low Quality Post Battle Royale
Your favorite character vs the gauntlet
Who would win in a war between China and Vatican City?
Who would win, Soul Eater vs Young Justice?
Instead of the First Order, The Night King and his army of White walkers march on The Resistance at The Battle Of Crait, who wins?
Who would win this combat: Nosferato Zodd vs Devil Dinosaur?
In a Pokemon battle between Ghetsis and Lusamine, who would win?
The national animal of every country fights to the death.
Who would win in a fight between an ant and a chihuahua?
Can Batman defeat Thor?
Who would win in a fight, Celestials or Aspirants?
Strongest character "Peak Human" can beat?
Mew2King the buster sword vs. leffen with the Levin sword
Who would win this match: Smokey the Bear vs. McGruff the Crime Dog?
Who would win, Black Panther Vs Gorilla Grodd?
Who can out scream Courage the Cowardly Dog?
Who wins in a fight between Black Panther and Karnak?
Who would win this duel: The Grinch has a cat vs a dog. How far does he make it?
Could Aqua beat Beerus in a fight?
Who would would in a fight, Goku or the Joker?
Which superhero/villain would be the strongest/weakest if they were the literal representation of their pseudonym?
Escalation of the Syrian Conflict : Would USA take military action on Russia or China if they use chemical weapons on their own land like Syria did?
Assuming no other countries are involved, who would win a war between Turkey, Qatar, Iran, Azerbaijan, and Pakistan vs Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE, and Bahrain?
Who would win, Leon Scott Kennedy vs Green Arrow?
Can Catwoman take out the US president?
Who would have the edge out of Mugen vs Jin, and why?
Who would win, Sauron or Cthulhu?
Palestinian children and civilians aside, what is the actual combatant kill ratio in Israel's ongoing invasion of Gaza?
How many 10 year olds would it take to defeat these animals?
Who would win in a fight, Sailor Moon or Goku?
Who would win a war between France, Germany, the U.K., China and the entire world Population of Chickens?
#18 Vs. Captain Marvel
Xavier Vs Rick, But...
Who would win, Batman vs Robin?
Who would win out of The Chaos Gods and The Imperium vs. Vivec, and why?
Who Could Survive Jurassic World?
Who would win in a fight between a megalodon and a titanoboa?
Who would win a fight to the death? Scarecrow , Freddy Krueger, Jason, Doomsday, or Bane?
Who wins, Superman Prime One Million or Rune King Thor?
Who would be the winner out of DC Comics Injustice All-Star Game: Heroes Roster versus Villains Roster, and why?
You become Harambo - Silverback Guerilla with a machine gun, crossbow and headband. Who can you beat? Who would win?
Your favorite street level character vs my Hybrid Jurassic Park Dinosaurs
Auto Racing: Is it cooler to be a driver on the winning le mans team or the driver who wins a monaco grand prix?
If all countries in Europe fought a war against each other, who would win?
Who would come out on top out of MCU Luke Cage Vs Hippos, and why?
How would an adult male polar bear fare in a fight with a Tyrannosaurus Rex?
Who would win a war between Asia Vs Western World?
Did India really believe that they were capable of defeating the USA and UK combined force - Seventh Fleet carrier group during the Indo-Pak War 1971?
What would you do if you got a heads up that World War 3 starts tomorrow?
Could Deathstroke beat Black Widow in a fight?
Who would win, Steve Irwin vs Gustave the crocodile?
Godku vs BatGod vs SuperGod: Who would win?
What if Nazi Germany first fought against the United States, and successfully captured it? Would it win against other nations?
If Batman fought the protagonists of each Assassin’s Creed game, could he defeat them and how?
"Try so hard that you might win" corrected form is "Try hard so that you might win", is it right?
Every US President becomes completely, maliciously, permanently evil the day of their inauguration. Which one can do the most damage?
Who'd win, Avengers with prep time vs Thanos?
Could it highly hypothetically somehow happen that clocks of employer are suddenly set 30 years later so that 30 years of salary are paid and then the lucky employee somehow keeps this money and evades punishment, for example to a enemy country which just doesn’t want to help original country fighting this crime, and becomes rich?
Boros and Garou vs The Hulk: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, the aliens from the Colony TV show vs. the aliens from the Falling Skies TV show? Why?
Why did the French fight so hard in WWI and eventually win against Germany, while in WWII they were quickly defeated by Germany?
Who would win, Po vs Ash's Snorlax?
Who would win, One trillion lions vs Every Pokemon?
Who would win this duel: 6 Lions vs 30 Pitbulls?
Who would win? Superman and Wonder Woman's kid vs Batman and Wonder Woman's kid
Who would win in a fight, Vegeta or Phoenix Ikki?
Who would win, Deadpool or Thor?
Who would win, between World Breaker Hulk and Goku?
Who would win in a fight between Lobo and Pitt?
Mortal Kombat Mania
From a former soldier’s perspective, what are some similarities and differences between shooting games and real combat?
Who would win, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles versus Power Rangers?
Who would win in a fight, Aquaman or Krillin?
Who'd win, 1939 Adolph Hitler and 2008 Barack Obama switch roles, who is more successful after a decade?
Why does anyone need the force to be with them when it all comes down to sword fighting?
Who will win in a fight, Predator or Wolverine?
Who'd win, Emma Frost vs. Gorilla Grodd?
Can Fire Lord Ozai defeat Hades from Saint Seiya?
Who would win in a fight: Harry Potter or Harry Dresden?
Who'd win, 100 U.S Navy SEALs vs El Chapo's cartel?
Every Anime Voice Actor now has the combined powers/strength of all the characters they have voiced. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Momoshiki Ōtsutsuki or Kaguya Ōtsutsuki?
Who would win, Illidan or Arthas?
Who would win, Thor vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Goku and Vegeta vs Beerus and Whis?
Who would win, Bruce Wayne Training vs Batman?
In a battle between a mountain lion and a wolf who wins?
Who would win in a full scale war between Turkey and Greece?
Who would win a battle between Indra and Zeus?
Who would win, Thor and Hulk vs Wonder Woman and Aquaman?
Fox Apocalypse vs CW Flash Verse: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight, Béla Tarr or Andrei Tarkovsky?
Who do you think will win in a fight between perfect UI Goku and Beerus?
Who would win, Illumi Zoldyck or "The Magician" Hisoka Morow?
Who would win, Nicol Bolas Vs Urza?
Who would win in a fight between She-ra and Valkyrie?
Who would win this punch-up: SEALS vs Seals?
Who would win, A housecat vs. a domesticated dog of the same body mass as the housecat?
How would a war between Singapore and China play out?
Pope Francis vs. the Westboro Baptist Church: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Is there any correlation between the percentage of combat veterans on police forces and officer involved shootings in the United States?
B'wana Beast has access to any animal in fiction, who's the strongest he can beat?
Who would win in a fight between Link, Mario, Sonic, Kirby or Shadow the Hedgehog?
All real world animals can now be caught and trained like Pokemon. What are the new most sought after Pokemon?
"Slow but steady wins the race." Is this true or false?
Who would win in a fight between the most powerful force-wielder from Star Wars vs the most powerful Maia from Middle-Earth?
What would happen if there is a war between God and Zeus?
Who'd win, Thanos vs Despero?
Who would win, Tournament News and Updates?
Who'd win, A United States Marine Corps Tank platoon Vs forty Nazi King Tiger Panzers?
Who would win in a fight, Gajeel or Toph?
What is the effect of winning F1 races on that brand's car sales?
Who'd win, Team Rocket's Meowth vs a health adult cat?
Hypothetically, if India and Israel go for one on one serious war then who would win?
Who would win, Itachi Uchiha vs All three sanin?
The ultimate showdown of /r/WhoWouldWin destiny
Who would win in a battle between the U.S. and Australia?
If the Vision, Scarlet Witch, Professor X, The Flash, Batman and James Bond were all playing a game of Texas hold 'em and trying to cheat without being obvious about it, who would win?
Who'd win, The creatures from each of Cyriak's videos team up and fight the other videos. Which one wins?
SuperWonderSpiderBatFlashHulk... who can he/she/it take on?
Can a Kangal defeat a lone wolf in a head on battle?
What would be India's stand if world war III happens between America and North Korea?
Who would win this battle: Rorke vs Tank Dempsey, Nikolai Belinski, Takeo Masaki, and Edward Richtofen?
Your Two Favorite Characters Go To South Park's "Cow Days"
If there was a war between NATO and an anti-NATO coalition , who would win? No other countries gets involved.
The Symbiote Vs. The Zerg Swarm: Who would claim victory?
Team of the Month: The Wonderful 101
The Great Debate Tourney Brackets
Who will win the race to Mars?
Who would win, the whole of Star Wars or the whole of Star Trek?
Who would win a war between Turkey, Pakistan vs Iran, Syria?
Roy Mustang is now the leader of the Fire Nation.
I know it'd be extremely hard, but what would it take to occupy America?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Gromit and Brain switch owners for a week. Who's better at keeping their new owner alive, and why?
Who would win if Westeros invaded Gondor and only Rohan comes to aid?
Who would win this duel: Life of Pi orangutan vs hyena raft fight?
One punch Competition. Who punches best?
Who would win between Lavabit Reloaded versus Thunderbird with an Enigmail plugin?
Amateur Hour for 4/30/17: Do or Die, Win a Custom: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this brawl: tiny humans vs ant army?
If there was to be a WW3, would it be a ground war?
Who would win, Alan Scott or Superman?
An unarmed professional MMA fighter vs a singular adult wolf in a cage match
Who'd win, Darth Vader, Darth Maul, Darth Tyranus, General Grievous, Mother Talzin, Asajj Ventress, Savage Oppress, Kylo Ren, Snoke, and the Inquisitors vs Darth Sidious?
Who'd win, A wild ostrich vs a trained to kill pitbull?
Who would win in a fight, Saitama or Aang?
In a fight between Magneto and the Hulk, couldn't Magneto just pull out the gamma radiation out of the Hulk and transform him back into Banner?
Who would win out of MCU Thor vs DCEU Superman, and why?
Who would be victorious out of 5,000 90s kids equipped with Super Soakers and 5 water balloons vs 150,000 Asian Giant Hornets with 3 Africanized Honey Bees riding on top of each one, and why?
Who would win, SSGSS4 Goku vs Lord Beerus?
Who would win in between 5 silver back gorillas and 5 Utah raptors?
Who would win in a fight, Magneto or Sans?
Who would win between a Tiger Tank and a T55?
Who would win this duel: Killer Croc vs Steve Irwin 'The Crocodile Hunter'?
Who would win a fight between Justine Bieber and Shia Labeouf?
Who would win in a fight between Tony Stark in the Hulk Buster suit and Hulk?
Which movie would Andy Dwyer last longer in: Guardians of the Galaxy or Jurassic World?
Who would win, Captain America is tasked with protecting the President from two legendary soldiers. Their names, Frank Castle , and John Rambo?
How many monkeys would it take to make a better movie than Steven Speilburg?
A silverback gorilla gets Luke Cage's unbreakable skin, and nothing else. Strongest it can beat: Who would win?
Upvote vs downvote: Who would be the winner?
What will happen if the good guys don't win? Will it be over for the Avengers?
Why is the DCEU Flash young and inexperienced while the DCEU Batman is essentially a veteran? Do their respective timelines play out like this in the comics?
Battle of the Sexes
Who would win in a hand to hand fight? A Special Forces operative or a Shaolin Monk?
You, as a human, gain access to four pokemon moves you can use in real life. Can you survive my events? Who would win?
You gain the ability to absorb the powers of those you kill. Your goal? Xeelee stomp the Xeelee's Who would win?
Who would win this war: Brawl Meta Knight vs Melee Fox?
Who would win in a fight between Deadpool and Jason Voorhees?
The Sinister Six Vs. The Slaughterhouse Nine: Who would have the best chance of winning?
What are the reasons for the fights between the Municipal Corporation of Delhi and Arvind Kejriwal?
Is speed more valuable than strength in a fight?
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Who or Superman?
Is World War 3 gonna happen? Who is going to fight who?
Participation Trophy for June 2018 Week 1
Who'd win, Sonic Vs Shadow?
Suppose that a 2005 F1 car is racing a 2016 Indycar around the Nurburgring. Suppose F-Ducts, DRS and KERS are all allowed. Which vehicle will win?
Deathstroke has to kill Obama
Who would win, A well rested, reasonably physically fit, 160lb human person VS. a 6 foot tall pigeon?
Pokemon vs Doctorwho aliens: Who would be the champion?
Will WW3 start because the tensions of Israel and Iran?
Shadow the Hedgehog versus Dio Brando: Who would be the winner?
Chuck Norris vs. Dos Equis Guy, who would win?
Who would win 1v1? A 3000 lb killer whale or a 5000 lb great white shark?
What if Ravan won the war against Ram?
Who would win, SSB Vegito vs SSB Gogeta?
If Batman fought a Space Marine who would win?
Who would win, several Jedi of your choice vs Jed?
Conan O'Brien the Barbarian vs Gallagher Prime: Who would come out on top?
Who would win this punch-up: Phrase Phight! Choose one of these powers and go for it?
The top 8 richest people in the world wage total war on each other, corporation v corporation tournament style
Who would win in a fight, Kid Goku or Goten, and why?
What if the United States won the Cold War?
Who would win in a death battle between Master Yoda and Zeratul?
Who would win in a fight, Dr. Strange or Martian Manhunter?
Who would win in a war between Singapore and the Philippines?
Every current 2016 presidential candidate and president of the United States ever becomes worthy of and can spend a day with Thor's Mjolnir. Which president handles the God of Thunder's power the best?
Who would win, Dr. Strange or The Mandarin?
Has Floyd Mayweather ever lost a fight?
Who would win, Black Adam vs Thor?
Po vs Kung Fury: Who would be the champion?
If war happens between India and Pakistan, what will be the fate of Pakistan?
Will WW3 begin in 2018?
Who would win the fight if Muhammad Ali was up against Yip Man?
x-post /r/pics -- super power tree
Who would win a fight between 1 a T-rex, 2 a pair of velociraptors, 3 a pack of 5 hyenas, 4 a troupe of 8 chimpanzees ?
Which Mega Man Robot Master would win in a Hunger Games tournament?
Between Jay Rayner and Tom Colicchio, who would win in hand-to-hand combat?
Wonder Woman finds herself in the Johnny Bravo universe, can she successfully rid herself of Johnny?
Who would win, Son Goku or Yurin?
Who would win out of Largest land mammal ever vs Largest carnivorous dinosaur ever, and why?
The Guardians of the Galaxy replace the marines in Aliens.
Who would claim victory out of ISIS vs Texas, and why?
Who would win in a battle between Arjuna and Achilles?
Who would win, all the students and staff from one high school vs. 1 Xenomorph Alien
Who would win a battle between the Unsullied and the Dornishmen?
Who will win if all the animals rage a war against human race similar to what was depicted in the Avatar and on which side the PETA activists be on?
Which would win, five silverbacks or a rhino?
Who would win, Greed vs Hate?
What would happen if World War 2 was fought with medieval weaponry and armor?
Who would win this match: Hindu gods vs Lovecraftian Gods?
All Movie Spider-Man Villains
Silver Surfer vs Flash. A race from one end of the universe to the other. Who wins here? The Flash is Barry Allen.
Hypothetical Battle: Who would win in a battle between 1,000 Jedi Knights and 80,000 Uruk Hai Warriors from Isengard?
If Harry Potter fought a chicken, is there a way for the chicken to win?
Who would win, Superman vs. Batman with Kryptonite?
What would happen if a Mongolian army fought an army of Apaches? Who would win?
Who would win, Monster King Orochi vs Dragon King Acnologia?
Who would win in a fight between Yusuke and Goku?
Who would win in a rap battle between Eminem and 2Pac?
Who would win, Maker vs Batman?
Who would win a fight, a great white shark or a striped dolphin?
Best Tiger vs. Contessa: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a no-holds barred fight between Ozymandias and Lex Luthor?
What are the differences between combat in films vs in real life?
Every animal in the world smaller than an adult human now is the size of an adult human. Which animal is the scariest/deadliest?
Who'd win, Bossk vs Predator?
Who would win in a physical fight, a Scorpio or Leo?
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke or Superman?
Who'd win, Dumbledore & Winter Soldier vs Anakin & Legolas?
How many real peak humans would it take to beat a great white shark?
Who would win in a fight, Nami or Katara?
Lo Pan vs. Babidy: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a battle between a Rathalos and a Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 combined with a Macchi C.205? How many are necessary to bring it down?
Who'd win, North Korea vs All islamic terrorists + cartels?
Captain America and Winter Soldier are coming to hunt you down. Choose any 5 fighters from this list to protect you: Who would win?
Who'd win, A fight between 2 Indominus Rex and SCP-682?
It is World War I, and you are placed in command of the Russian Empire. How can you win the war?
Zeus vs Thor and lightning: Who would claim victory?
Who'd win, Doomsday VS Juggernaut?
If Jesus didn't fight his attackers, why should anyone fight for their lives?
Who would win in a fight between Bruce Lee and Vladimir Putin?
Who would win in a fight between The Mask and Deadpool?
Who would win, SSBE Baby Vegeta or SS Blue GT Kid Goku?
Which player hit the best winning shot in Cricket World Cup history?
Who would win, A Rhino VS A Antlion Gaurd?
Who would come out on top out of Superman vs Krillen, and why?
Who'd win, Dr. Cal Lightman VS. Nathan Ford?
Who would win a war between earth and the entire clone army?
Who would win this match: God cloth seiya, The flash, The magic school bus, Silver Age superman and Archie supersonic vs The Big rigs Truck?
Can Europe survive WW3 without America?
Two people run a race. One weighs 300 lbs. The other weighs 180 lbs. but has 120 lbs. of weight strapped to him. Who wins?
Who would win in a war between Imperial China and all of Medieval Europe?
Who would win in a war between the Q continuum or the Organians?
Who would win in a battle between the Knight’s Templars and Alexander the Great’s army?
If everyone in the Arrowverse fought, excluding Supergirl's show, who would win?
Who would win, Deadshot or Captain Cold?
How could Indiana Jones beat Rhino?
Who would win, Eijiro Kirishima vs. Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu?
Who'd win, Krillin and Saitama vs Ultron?
Dalek Battle Cruiser and its fleet vs Borg Cube and its drones: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would come out on top out of Storm vs Thor in a lightning control competition, and why?
Who would claim victory out of Superman accident kill John Wick's dog and now Wick come for revenge, and why?
Who would claim victory out of The Empire of Japan vs the Fire Nation, and why?
Who would win in a fight, The Tick or Mr. Incredible?
Who wins the race, IIT Delhi or IIT Mumbai?
Who is the weakest sword fighter who could beat Mace Windu in a duel?
Who would win, Neferpitou or Chrollo Lucilfer "Phantom Troupe Leader"?
Who would win this punch-up: Michael Jordan VS The Goat from Goat Simulator?
Who would win a war between Vietnam and Iran, if they were neighbors?
Every Manga Depiction of Obama v. The Revived Founding Fathers; at Dodgeball.
What if John C. Frémont won the election of 1856? What would a Frémont presidency have looked like? Would the Civil War have been 4 years early?
The Miracle attacks the One Punch Man Verse
Who would win in a fight, Spider-Man, Venom and Carnage or Aang, Korra, and Roku?
Who would win in a fight, Mario or Aang?
Who would win in a fight, full-grown Groot or Hulk?
Why should I care about anything if WW3 will start soon?
Who would win in an ideological battle between Mother Russia and the German Fatherland?
Could a professional on a water scooter break the world record for the 50 freestyle.
Who would win a duel between Darth Vader and the Witch King of Angmar?
Who would win a fight between a musketeer and a samurai?
Who would claim victory out of The Star Fox team versus the Death Star, and why?
Who would you most want to see in a fight with Saitama ?
Who would win this battle: Raditz vs The T-Rex from "You Are Umasou"?
can any character with a physical body defeat corvo attano with all his powers and all of Emily's powers too?
Who would win this war: Hit vs Lightning?
Who would win, 1,000 lions VS 15 Bloodlusted Arnold Schwarzeneggers?
Who would win in a match between Manchester United 1999 and Bayern Munchen 2014?
If Hitler and Stalin debated in 1939, who would win?
Who would win this match: Raven vs Twilight Sparkle?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and Russia?
Can The Peanuts gang stop Pennywise?
Who would win this match: Heaven Ascension DIO vs. Galactus?
Who would win this combat: Light Yagami vs Allied Powers?
All cats on Earth vs. All dogs on Earth
Weakest human who could beat the Kobayashi Maru?
Who would win in a fight, Saitama or Chuck Norris?
Who would be the victor out of SCP-2845 VS Edward Elric, and why?
Who'd win, Jehuty vs. RX-0 Gundam Unicorn?
Who would claim victory out of Navy SEAL versus MMA Fighter, and why?
Who would win this war: The gods of Hinduism Vs. The gods and angels of the dragonball universe?
All Z Fighter Humans are fed fruit from the Tree of Life
What is the smallest force of 40k Space Marines that could conquer Earth?
Who would win, 20 adult men with knifes VS 1 hippo in water?
Who would win in a war between Spain and Italy?
Who would win in a street fight between Randy Couture and Muhammad Ali?
How many Shaquille O'Neal would it take to beat the klitschko brothers in a boxing match?
If the US starts a war with China and loses, what would be the implications? What would happen after that?
Who would win in a fight, a Doberman or a Rottweiler?
Who would win, House cat vs Barn Owl?
A medium sized Cougar vs an alpha male Red Kangaroo: Who would win?
Late July 4th Battle: Which fictional rendition of a US president would win in a fight between them all?
Who would win in a fight between a honey badger and a musk deer?
Who Would Win: Superman, Saitama, Goku, or Thor?
What will lead to WWIII, and what might be the possible consequences of the war?
Who would win in a fight between Levi and Mikasa?
Could Ragman beat Superman?
Who would win this match: The Battle Cats Vs The Plants?
The Great 'Gator Rumble!
You versus Nega-You, Who wins?
Who would win in a war between Napoleonic France in 1804 and the Confederate States of America in 1861?
Who would have the edge out of Neil deGrasse Tyson vs Bill Nye vs Stephen Hawking, and why?
Courage the Cowardly Dog vs. Scooby-Doo
Who would win, Modern humans vs dinosaurs?
Who would win if Sentinel Prime and Megatron fought head on?
Who would win this brawl: Lion vs. Grizzly But With Several Twists?
Steven Universe and Lion vs. Finn and Jake: Who would be the champion?
If the UK and Germany went to war today, with no allies involved, who would win?
Has there ever been an air-to-air combat between helicopters? If so, what took place?
Who would win, Flash or Cyborg?
Nero Caligula Romulus and Caesar vs Artoria Gawain Lancelot and Mordred: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, SSGSS Vegeta or Champa?
Who would win in a fight, Majin Buu or Wario?
You gain powers based on either Your childhood fears or Your positive childhood memories. Which version of you would win in a fight? Who is the strongest character they can beat?
Who would win a fight between The Atom and Ant-Man, and why?
How does the US win a war like this?
Who would be victorious out of Toxin vs Wolf King Guinness, and why?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Percy Jackson or Jason Grace?
Who would win, a Red Priestess or a Death Eater?
A handicapper figures that the odds of a certain horse winning race are 2 to 1. Based on these odds, what is the probability that the horse will win the race?
If Ataturk didn't die in 1938, how would he react to WWII?
Who'd win, Sons of Anarchy vs The Girl Scouts?
Can your team of 5 beat mine in the greatest sport known to man?
Baseball bat man bat holds a gauntlet.
if forced to fight a infinite hoard of vampires from department 19 how many could your favorite character kill before they die.
Featured Character: Diaboromon
War of the Museums
Who would in a fight between: Jason Vorhees, Freddy Krueger, Michael Myers, Leatherface, and It?
Who will win, The Strongest versus Sporting Cristal, in the Copa Libertadores?
Featuring Cubix
Could a human beat a predator?
What is the largest size of Tarantula could you beat in a fight?
Who would win in a fight between a main battle tank and a self-propelled artillery?
Who would win in a fight between an African spotted hyena and a Rottweiler?
Would Deadpool have made a difference between winning and losing if he was in Infinity War?
Replace the Avengers with the TSAB from Nanoha in IW
Hypothetically, if your country went to war against the US, which three countries would you most want to have on your side?
Thanos vs the 40k Gods: Who would win?
What and how many animals would it take to take down Megaman?
Can you win a court case if you were beaten up and you fought back?
Who'd win, Frikin' sharks with frikin' lasers on their frikin' heads vs. Hulk Hogan, The Iron Shiek and Junkyard Dog with pillows for hands?
Who'd win, Kai vs Iron Fist?
Who would be the winner out of Sans VS One Punch Man, and why?
Who would win between a lion and a wolf?
Who would win in a battle between a mountain lion and a snow leopard?
One of my 8 year old students asked me, Who Would Win? Dr. DOOM or Loki?
Who would win in a fight of Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon versus Darth Maul and Savage Opress?
Who would win a fight between the Hulk and Carnage?
Who will likely win in a fight between a champion martial artist and someone twice their size and weight, who also works out, but has no martial arts training?
Who would win this match: A man with Mike Tyson's upper body vs a man with Bruce Lee's lower body vs a man with Anderson Silva's brain?
Why is there a nuclear arms race between the USA and Russia if no one will win in a nuclear war? If Russia has faster and longer range ICBM, does it mean that Russia has more chances of winning the war?
Who would win, Bruce Lee vs Grizzly Bear?
Who would win in a fight between a polar bear vs an elephant seal?
Who would be the winner out of Red and Charizard VS Tai and Agumon/Greymon/Wargreymon, and why?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs Ghost Rider ?
Who would win a fight, a blue whale or a Fin whale?
Who would win out of the last 3 World Cup winners?
Who would win in a fight? Barry Allen or Wally West?
Superman AND Wonder Woman go rogue... can Batman save the day: Who would be the victor?
Who would come out on top out of Master Chief vs The two final raptors in Jurassic Park, and why?
Which celebrities could you beat in a fight?
Who would win in a fight between Sauron and Oryx, The Taken King?
How many tigers would it take to beat the Sun?
Hypothetical question: If Atlantis was real and rose from the ocean, what countries do think would fight over it to claim it as their own?
Which side will win in a battle between the Night King and his wights , and the Lich King and his undead army?
Who would win in a fight, the Mountain from GoT or an adult male gorilla?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand combat between the defense ministers of Britain, Australia, and the United States?
Who would win in a fight between Brandon Stark and Robert Baratheon?
the Fire Nation invades Kanto.
12 Foot Tall Danny DeVito vs Gorilla: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Current Mastered UI Goku vs SuperMan?
Featuring Team Shaolin
Who would win in a fight: Voldemort or Morgoth/Melkor?
Who would win in a real life fight, Arnold Scharzenegger or Sylvester Stallone, when they were both in their prime?
Who would win, Erik Killmonger vs Captain America?
Who would win this war: Doctor Octopus vs. Savage Dragon?
Who would win in a fight between Colossus and Darth Vader?
Who would win a fight between Loki and Superman?
Goku vs. Bruce Lee, who would win?
Your favourite character gets force sensibility and 5 years of training. Who's the most powerful character they can defeat?
Who would win in a straight-up, no holds barred fight between Reinhard van Astrea from Re:zero and Ainz Ooal Gown from Overlord?
Who would win: You vs 5 tigers but they're each only as big as a case of beer 🍺
Is there any chance that the US-North Korean war of words actually escalates into military action? If so, what would the dynamics of the war be? What position would India take?
Who would win out of Elephant-sized Brock Lesnar vs A 40K Scout Marine, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Raven or Po?
L in Dangan Ronpa
Would adult Naruto and Sasuke be able to win versus Six Paths Madara?
How many of those saying Superman>Goku have actually seen DBZ?
Who would win in a fight against God?
Who would win in a battle between Loki and Thor?
Who would win, Batman or Green Arrow?
You vs a tiger Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Sasuke?
If the 1942 Wehrmacht went to war with Sauron, what would happen?
Who will win in a war between India and Bangladesh, China, Pakistan, Myanmar, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Bhutan?
Who would win in a fight between Voldemort and Loki?
Who would win out of Star Wars VS Star Trek in all-out galactic combat, and why?
Who'd win, Pete "Maverick" Mitchell vs. Fox McCloud flying WWI prop planes?
Who would win in a battle between 10 T34-85′s and a T54-55?
Who would win a war between Vietnam and China? Why?
Who would win a fight between Donnie Yen and Tony Jaa?
Who would win in a battle between 500 samurai and 500 vikings?
Who would win a speeder race between Luke Skywalker , Anakin Skywalker , and Mario?
This superhero fusion I found Vs. Thanos.
Who will win in a fight between the Joker and the Red Skull?
What would make a Republican candidate for president viable to win in the 2016 race?
Who would win in a battle between 10,000 Spartans and the Sun?
How good a military commander was Bernard Montgomery?
Who would win a fight, a blue whale or a Gray whale?
Who would win, Wonder Woman vs Goku 2.0?
Who would win, Halo's "Mjolnir" Power Armor vs Fallout's Power Armor?
The Case of Two Sherlocks
Who would win, Champa or Belmod?
Could an ostrich kill a lion? If not what is the strongest natural predator one could defeat/kill?
Thanos and his army attack Earth before obtaining the other infinity stones: Who would be the winner?
Who would win this fight: Godzilla Vs Calvin?
Who would win in this type of conventional war, Russia/ USA versus the EU/ China?
What's the strongest superhero that Prime Mike Tyson could beat in a boxing match?
If you race a VW TDI with the same model VW TSI, which one will likely win a race?
Who would win in a fight, Mat Cauthon versus Talion?
Who will win a war between UK and Commonwealth excluding India?
Who would be the champion out of “Master Yoda...you survived.” “Surprised?” “Your arrogance blinds you, Master Yoda. Now you will experience the full power of—“ “Stop you right there, I will. Fight me, you will not. Only my new padawan.” “Very well. And who is it that wishes to die today—“ “HULK SMASH PUNY EMPEROR!!!”, and why?
What superhero Has the greatest defense with the least offence ability's
The dark knight and the knightwing vs the ripper and the blade wolf: Who would win?
Lightning Battle Royale!: Thor vs. Static Shock vs. Black Lightning vs. Soul Power vs. Storm vs. Princess Azula vs. Raiden vs. Marvel Zeus vs. Palpatine...
The Punisher kill the Hulk?
Garou vs Clare: Who would claim victory?
100k bloodlusted bears vs U.S military: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, 2 Stupid Dogs vs. Angry Beavers?
Who would win between WW2 Germany vs WW1 allies?
Strongest sand based character who could defeat Anakin Skywalker?
An average human vs various animals without their claws.
The Mobile Fortress Destroyer Replaces the 3 fighting machines in the battle on the essex coast . Does The HMS ThunderChild still win?
Who would win, Moby Dick vs. The Nautilus?
Po climbs a Mane Six Ladder.
Who would win the football match between Portugal and Australia?
3 giant centipedes against a house cat named Fluffy
Who would win the war between North African coalition and the Gulf States?
If there was to be a match between Indian Cricket team 2011 and current Indian team, who would win considering that all players are at their peak form?
All previous Batmen vs. BatFleck
Who would win out of The Gungan Army from Episode 1 vs Best Korea Armed Forces, and why?
Zombie apocalypse but with WWW gorillas.
Weakest street tier character that can survive the super semi?
What Vampire or Vampire Hunter characters could defeat Demitri and/or Jedah from Dark Stalkers?
Kakashi vs Darui: Who would win?
Who would win in a war between the UK and north Korea?
Who would win in a fight, Achilles or Captain America?
Suicide Squad vs Sinister Six vs Legion of Doom: Who would have the best chance of winning?
If North Korea attacked the US, would it provide an opportune moment, for example, Iran to attack Israel, or Russia to invade the Balkans, etc?
Who would win in a battle between Master Chief and 30 Yautja?
Who would win a war between Lord Hanuman and Indrajith?
Who would win this combat: God and Jesus do a fusion dance and throw a Holy Spirit Bomb; who can tank?
Who would win, World war Hulk Vs The JLA?
Who would win, Elephant from UNSC versus MTT from Star Wars Phantom Menace?
Who would win this match: Constantine vs Ghost Rider?
Who would win in 1v1 conventional war between Russia and Turkey?
Who would win a war between Morocco, Algeria, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Somalia, Nigeria, Niger, Chad vs Ethiopia, Kenya, South Sudan, Uganda, Rwanda, DR Congo, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Angola, Tanzania?
Putin + 50 brown bears vs Obama + 50 bald eagles, commander style battle: Who would be victorious?
Obligatory "Do you agree with the latest Death Battle?" post
Who would win, The battle of incompetence: Sheldon J. Plankton vs Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz vs Mr. Denzel Quincy Crocker?
Superheroes: Who would win in a fight Deadpool or Freakazoid?
Who can beat Actual Light-Speed Man
Is there a strong chance we will see World War Three?
Who would win in a battle between Thanos and Doomsday?
Who would fail in a fight, a martial artist or a normal person?
Who do you think would win a fight between average German boy and average Russian boy?
Why is there a fight between the Shia and Sunnis?
Who would win in a fight between One-Above-All and Dr. Manhattan?
Who is the most powerful Water-type Pokemon Katara of the Southern Water Tribe could defeat?
Who would win, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles vs Bat Family?
Who would win, Hawkgirl vs Hawkman?
Who would win, aang, master chief, samus, batman, spiderman, homura, pikachu, two bards, saitama, yamato, kid goku, wolverine, and sonic vs psycho mantis, sasuke, sans, missingno, gaster, foscaldo, the red ribbon army, the joker, agumon, kratos, dark superman, renekton, and the red skull?
Could Goku defeat Composite Superman?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 9/13/2015
Who would win current Franklin Richard vs Fifty Sue?
What if the USA teamed up with the USSR to destroy Britain in the ‘30s?
Goku v.s. Superman
Alexander the Great's army did not give up at the Ganges. How much further can he extend his empire?
Who would win, Beerus vs Spider-Man?
Who would win in a fight between Yautja and Jedi?
Who would win in a fight, xenomorphs or necromorphs?
Who would win out of Two Bloodlusted polar bears versus one hippo, and why?
WhoWouldWin's Best of 2015 - Winners!
Who'd win, MMA-styled fight: Wei Shen vs Lincoln Clay?
Who would win between Thanos with loaded gauntlet and Galactus?
At the start of the Second World War, why didn't the French Navy unite with the Royal Navy?
Who would win a fight, Mr. Miyagi vs Chuck Norris?
Who would win, The Mountain from GOT vs. every species of bear, both female or male. How many of these battles could he win?
Who would win this battle: Starkiller vs. Prototype?
Could an orca kill a hippo in the water?
Why do relatively sheltered Millennials seem more triggered than groups of people that have actually been through hardships such as wars and genocide?
Every S-class hero + Saitama vs. Cell
If China and the U.S. were to go to war, is there a chance Vietnam would serve as an ally to the U.S.?
What would happen if there was a nuclear war between the US and Russia and/or China? What could it do to the planet, society, systems, etc.?
Who would be victorious out of A bald eagle in its prime vs a bloodthirsty, healthy pitbull dog in its prime, and why?
Could a modern military historian go back to 1915 and win WW1 for Germany?
Who would win in a battle between a pack of velociraptors and wolves?
Who would win in a fight all of DC or Seitama?
Can Kamen Rider Kuuga Restore The Smiles Of The Characters In These Anime?
Can a party of Call of Cthulhu characters win a fight that includes mid level parties from DnD, Shadowrun, Vampire:The Masquerade, and Pathfinder.
What happened in the fight between Jean-Claude Van Damme and Chuck Zito?
Who would win in a fight between a hippo and a polar bear?
Who would win in a fight, The Rock or Brock Lesnar?
Which would win in a fight, a Wookie or a Klingon?
Who would win in a triangular battle between Tyler Durden, the Joker and Dr.Hannibal Lecter? Why?
Who would win, Captain Picard OR The Doctor?
Of the two, who would win in a debate: Arvind Kejriwal or Narendra Modi?
Would a master ninja win versus a pro boxer?
Who would win in a fight between the strongest dog and the strongest human?
Who would win this war: Greek gods vs the Norse Gods Playing American baseball?
Who would win in a fight between Twilight Zone characters?
What are some of the hot topics for research in Plant Proteomics and Stress Physiology that would make the basis for a winning research proposal?
If the United States went to war with China, how badly would Walmart be affected considering that's where a large amount of their goods come from?
Which powerful characters would fail to pass the Hunter exam ?
Who would win, Mokoto Kusanagi vs Aya Brea?
Who would win in a fight, Tyrant or Superman Prime One Million?
Bat Man's brain is put in Spider-Man's body, how quickly does he clean up NYC?
Would World War 3 start a tech boom?
If A wins a 100 meter race with B by 20 meters or 5secs then what is the speed of A?
Who would win this war: Deinonychus raptor vs. T rex?
Who'd win, Gang Orca Vs. Arlong?
Who can defeat Ultimate Movie Shark?
Surely the BIG battle in the next series of GoT will be between the various Gods - who will win?
Would China go to war with the USA and South Korea if they attacked or invaded North Korea?
How would Batman or Captain America defeat demon wind shuriken from the Naruto universe?
Darth Vader vs. Robocop vs. The Munsters: Who would win?
Who would win this combat: Obama VS Mitt Romeny?
Who would win in a fight, Donald Trump or Boris Johnson?
Who would win this fight: The cast of "The Office" vs. Jurassic Park?
Who would be the winner out of Doomguy vs. Dark Souls, and why?
Who would win this fight: Honey badgers vs Teen Leopard Seal?
Who would win in a war between the Romans and the Normans?
Who would win, Quicksilver vs Jiren?
Who would win in a fight, Deadpool or Sasuke?
Who would win in a fight, Wolverine or One Punch Man?
Who would win a fight between Deadpool and Blade?
Who would win, Dyspo vs Toppo?
Who would win? Luke Skywalker or Iron Man?
Who would win, Sans vs Elder God Demonbane?
Who would win in a fight between the Predator and RoboCop?
Who would be the champion out of Bughuul vs. Tobi, and why?
If you had to fight The Hulk what would your weapon of choice be?
A sentient redwood tree that can also conjure up the power of 24 foot long twinkies against 150 lumberjacks with normal chainsaws.
Courage Wolf realizes Insanity Wolf must be stopped. Who wins?
Did the Third German Reich have a plan for the Middle East and India after they won the war? If so, what was it?
What Historical Figure, If Born Today, Would Be Most Likely To Become Succesful, Rich, Powerful, etc.?
If Darth Vader is ever used in this sub.
Who would win a political struggle between Varys, Master of Whispers, and C.G.B. Spender, The Cigarette Smoking Man?
Who would win if there is a courtroom battle between Saul Goodman and Harvey Spector?
Who would win, A single F-22 Raptor vs World War 2 Luftwaffe?
Who would win out of Goku VS Bobobo, and why?
Who would win, The One Above All or Batman?
What if there was an all out war on the US soil between the Mossad of Israel and the homegrown Mercenaries, who do you think would win the battle, and why?
Who would win, Trigon from Teen Titans vs Trigon from DCAU?
If Raiden fought against Thor, who would end up winning?
If Superman fought Doctor Who to death, who would win? No limits, prep time, or weapons allowed.
Buu replaces Frieza in the Tournament of Power
Is it true that in lion vs tiger fights, there is no absolute winner between these two felines? Both species can win against each other and it depends on that individuals animal’s age, temperament, aggressiveness and skills.
Who would win out of Me vs. Batman, and why?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Black Panther and Iron Man vs Lex Luthor and Aquaman, and why?
Dale Gribble is given the powers of Gaara. Who's the strongest character he can beat?
Hit The Assassin vs Obito Uchiha vs Lille Barro
Who would claim victory out of Steve Rogers vs a Rhino, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos with IG and the Beyonder?
Who would have the edge out of Bismarck and Iowa vs 25 M1A2 Abrams tanks, and why?
Can a gorilla beat up a bear?
You VS 150 hungry and angry Canadian Geese! Would you win!? Or will you be just another victim to their unending hunger!? Who would win?
Who would win? James Bond or John Wick
Who would win, Superman vs Captain Atom?
Who would be victorious out of Crocodile vs The Flash, and why?
Who would you pit against Lightning for a Death Battle?
If Zoom, Savitar and Black Flash fought the Flash, Kid Flash and Jesse Quick, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a dingo and a thylacine?
Who would win, Alluka and Killua Zoldyck vs Illumi Zoldyck?
Who would win in a battle to the death between Spider-Man and Deathstroke?
What if all bad-guy teams in each Pokemon region came and fought each other, who would win?
All animals on the planet are competing in a standard decathlon: who would win?
How can I resolve the problem / fight between two of own brothers?
Is the next great war coming? If so who might win and how will the world look after the war has finished?
Who would win, Power Rangers or Batman?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Pavlov's Dog vs. Schrodinger's Cat, and why?
Who would win, Batman vs Iron Man?
Who would win this fight: Cult of Skaro vs narutoverse?
Who would win this match: Satan and North Korea vs Jesus and Mexico?
Talion vs Batman: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, the House of Wolves in Destiny or the entire Toronto police force? Can the US army take on the wolves?
Who would win a war between Israel and Iran without nukes?
If you could send any type of modern rifle in bulk to the United States military to assist them during World War 2, what would it be? Why?
Who would win, Composite Zombie vs. Composite Vampire?
Who'd win, Toph vs Gaara?
Who would win between Goku and Thor?
Who would win in a fight, Alan Scott Green Lantern or Hal Jordan Green Lantern?
Who would win in a colluseum style fight between 11 football players wearing all pads but a helmet vs 3 full grown lions?
Dr.Octopus' Tendrils V.S The Tesla refiling robot
Which one would win in a fight between a pit bull and a German Shepard?
What game has the biggest power gap between gameplay and setting?
If the USA fought North Korea and Iran at the same time, who would win?
Who would win in a battle between adult Franklin Richards and Thanos with an infinity gauntlet?
Who would win in a hypothetical fight between a wolf and a cat of a similar size?
Saitama / Goku in Cabin in the Woods
In a hypothetical war, who will win between Peru and Chile?
Who would win in a fight: a gorilla or an alligator?
Who would in in a Dogfight: Tatiana Wisla/Dio Elaclaire from Last Exile or Lynx/Cheetah/Teacher from The Sky Crawlers?
Would Great Britain have surrendered to Nazi Germany if Hitler had ordered Göring’s Luftwaffe to focus solely on military targets during the Battle of Britain?
Who would win in a fight between Grand Priest and Cosmic Armor Superman?
Hey dudes and dudettes, England and France are at war, what the fuck happens? Details inside, o' course: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Marsellus Wallace is on a budget. Instead of Vincent, Jules, and The Wolf his only resource is Mike Ehrmantraut?
Who would win in a fight between Huo Yuanjia and Bruce Lee?
Who would win this battle: Maul and Vader vs Sidious and Dooku?
Your brain is transplanted into an animal of your choice can you beat a Terminator?
Every actor/actress gains the feats/powers of anybody they’ve ever acted as
Between Xi, Putin, and Trump, who would win a battle royale dance off?
Who would claim victory out of 1991 USA tries to take over 2015 Japan, Taiwan and South Korea, and why?
Who would win this battle: Thor and Hela vs Ares and Wonder Woman?
What's the most powerful animal you could defeat with a sharpened stick?
Who would win, A pack of T-Rex vs batman?
Who would win in a duel between Yoda and Master Oogway?
Pacific Rim versus...
Who would win this match: Admiral Fujitora vs. A?
If Batman had on his Hellbat armor, could he beat Black Panther?
Who'd win, The NFL in full pads vs. MLB with bats?
Who would win in a fight between Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee
Who'd win, A T-Rex vs an un-armed black widow?
Who would win in a fight between Guts and Geralt of Rivia?
Who would win, SSBE Baby Vegeta vs Golden King Cold?
Which country lost most life in comparison with population in WW1 and WW2?
Infinitely Duplicating Chimpanzees invade your favorite character's home, Does your favorite character deal with this situation?
Who would win in a fight between Carter Kane and Percy Jackson?
Who would win, 5 fearless Dawn Roar members vs. Tyrant Dragons?
Lightning vs. Bleach
Who will win in a fight between Naruto Uzumaki and Sōsuke Aizen?
Who would win in a fight between Bhima from Mahabharata and The Mountain from Game of Thrones?
Who would win this battle: Theory Goats vs DBS?
All 16 historical chess world champions at their peak time travel to 2014, 1 year prep time
Who would win in a battle between Dr. Manhattan and the Silver Surfer?
Who would be the champion out of Black Panther vs. Devilman, and why?
Bloodlusted Thanos vs Avengers
Who would win if American USS Macon fought against Japanese I-400?
The Flash, the Millennium Falcon, and the Enterprise start a 100,000-light-year race. Who wins?
Who would win in a conventional war between Egypt, Sudan, Somalia vs Ethiopia, Kenya, South Sudan?
Who would win: a python or anconada?
Who would win in a match of Barcelona-Real Madrid’s XI versus the rest of the world’s XI? Who would play on each team?
Which one would win in a fight, a jaguar or a tiger?
Who would win this punch-up: Han Solo vs Luke vs Anakin at piloting?
Who would win in a fight: a human or an emperor penguin?
Who would be the winner out of Triple Threat Match. Alucard Vs Dante Vs Vampire Hunter D, and why?
Who would win this combat: Composite Steve VS Composite Doctor?
Who would win, Roronoa Zoro VS Erza Scarlet?
Prime Michael Jordan vs. Takeru Kobayashi in basketball, but Michael has to eat a hot dog for each basket he scores: Who would be victorious?
Who would win a fight between Doomsday and Hela?
What does the winner of an F1 race receive on the day of the winning? Does he receive a check of his winning prize, and gifts from his sponsors?
How would you beat a wrestler in a fight?
Who would win a war between Canada and Mexico vs China?
Who would win, the Celestials from Star Wars or Marvel’s Celestials?
Would it be fair to say that the rise of China as a superpower was at the expense of the Western civilization? Was there anything the Western world could have done to win the economic race that they lost to China?
Who would win in a battle between the USS Constitution and a Korean turtle ship?
Who will win a fight between a lion and an anaconda?
Bart Simpson Vs. "I like shorts they're comfy and easy to wear" kid: Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of 1,000,000 Y-wings vs the U.S military, and why?
Who'd win, Silverback Gorilla vs Wolfs?
Who would win this match: Gods of lightning duke it out: Raiden vs Thor?
Who will win, a panda or a tiger?
Who would win in a race between MS Dhoni and Usain Bolt?
Using the Stand Generator you awaken your Stand. How do you do now in your favorite universe?
Who would win this punch-up: Arnold Schwarzenegger vs Roger the Kangaroo?
Every ant on Earth is fused into one Ultra Ant, who can possibly stop it?
How did the United States win the space race if it was behind the USSR?
Goku vs. Naruto: Who would be the victor?
Who would be victorious out of Spiderman vs a Murkrow, and why?
Who will win in a fight of Midoriya versus Kaneki?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win: Cheetah or Tigra?
Who would be victorious out of Blue vs The Big One, and why?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Silver Surfer or White Lantern Kyle Rayner?
Who would be the champion out of Word World vs. Florida Man, and why?
Who would win this battle: Hodor vs John Coffey Chess Boxing?
How strong would someone with Captain America’s skill and reaction time have to be to beat an average fighter with Captain America’s physicals?
Who would win this battle: A male african elephant vs a giant brock lesnar as big as 25 normal brock lesnars?
Not sure if this belongs here, but who are the most powerful normal humans?
Why don't Gary Johnson and Jill Stein drop out of the race because there is no way they will win anything and are only helping wrong candidate?
you and all your friend with 1 trillon dollar and 2 year for prepvs 10 normal kryptonian Who would win?
Who would win this duel: Galaxy Class vs Imperial Star Destroyer?
Who would be victorious out of EoS Naruto vs. Akatsuki attacking Konoha, and why?
Run the Ultimate Gauntlet!
Who would win in a fight, Ging Freecss or Chrollo Lucilfer?
Who would win, Akatsuki vs Madara Uchiha?
Fuhrer King Bradley Vs Doctor Octopus: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a war between Poland and India?
Who would win in a death battle, the Kraken, or the Leviathan?
Can a human fight off or kill a moose without any man-made weapons?
Link replaces Wander at the start of Shadow of the Colossus. Can he successfully defeat all of the Colossi?
Harry Potter vs. Magnus Bane, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between the White Council and Radagast versus Sauron and all nine of the Nazgûl?
Who would win if Vishnu fought zeus?
Roflmoo vs. the entire /r/whowouldwin annimal parenthion: Who would win?
Who would win a long-distance cycling race of around 40-65 km, Akshay Kumar or MS Dhoni?
Who'd win, Ronald McDonald VS Barney the Dinosaur?
Bloodlusted Hippo versus Bloodlusted Rhino
Barack Obama vs Tom Sawyer in a presidential election: Who would come out on top?
Who will win in war between a highly professional army vs highly religious army?
Which mainstream superhero would be the most successful in real life?
Who would win out of Allucard VS GhostRider, and why?
Who would win, Wonder Woman vs SS2 Gohan?
Who would have the edge out of A cat or a fox, and why?
Who would win in a fight between an Allosaurus and a Spinosaurus?
Can we just ignore the fact that upscaled animals couldn't sustain themselves?
Who is the strongest vampire from JOJO's bizzare adventures that Simon Belmon could defeat?
Who would win in the war between Poland and Vietnam, assuming they didn't have allies and they were neighbors?
Who would win in a fight between Turin Turambar and Maedhros?
Who would win this brawl: One grizzly bear vs. two gorillas in a clearing in a forest?
Who would win, Megatron or Sauron?
Who would win in an all-out war between ISIS and Singapore?
Who would win in a war between Albania and FYROMacedonia without NATO intervention?
Who would win: Consiglio Devastations or Chuck Norris?
Who would win out of Ghost Rider vs Aang vs Eragon vs Goku, and why?
Who would win in hand to hand combat between Riddick and Batman?
Who would win in a fight, Doom at his full power or Thanos with the infinity gauntlet?
Who'd win, Superman has lost his mind and has killed nightwing, robin, and Alfred. Batman, the world's last hope, has become the Legendary Super Saiyan?
Who would win this match: Samuel L. Jackson is on a plane, would he prefer to fight snakes or gremlins?
What is the tax treatment of casual income like the winnings from the lottery, the winnings from races, etc.?
Who would win in a fight between Kylo Ren and Kyle Katarn?
Who would win, Someone who can Ride Lightning vs the Master of Puppets?
If all the classic Disney cartoon characters fought all the classic Warner cartoon characters Hunger Games style, who would win?
Who would win, Wonder Woman or Mr. Buu?
Terrifying space alien threats battle. Xenomorpsh vs Necromorphs
Who would win in a fight between the Witch King and the Lich King?
Who'd win, Carnage vs Alex Mercer vs Sgt. James Heller vs Venom?
Who would win, Iwne or Geene?
In a combat situation, how does experience make the difference between two soldiers, provided that they have similar physical traits and training?
Who would be the winner of a fight between 'Thor', 'Hulk' and 'Thing'?
Bloodlusted Walrus vs Bloodlusted Gorilla
Who would win, Iron man vs. all the worlds ants?
What would it take for you to be able to 6/10 a polar bear?
How did the Japanese know that that they would be able to hold the American military for a few months, but after a while the fight would turn against them?
Who would win this punch-up: The Dragonborn strides through a portal in Sovngarde and arrives on a beach by the sea, only to find that they are a fraction of their normal size. Seeing a large mountain in the distance, they stride towards it. A booming voice erupts, shouting, "Halt, stranger, what brings you to Salamandastron?"?
Who would win between Pennywise the Dancing Clown versus Calvin from Life?
Who would win if Batman fought Obi-Wan?
Is artillery the safest fighting branch of a military?
Who'd win, Nui Harime Vs. Hela?
Mongols at their top of dominance vs. Vikings at their peak of exploratory raids: who would win that war, had these people ever fought each other?
Who would win this fight: Al Gore, Master Shifu, The pink ranger, Shrek, Lightning McQueen and RRS Boaty McBoatface have 72 hours to stop global warming?
Who would win in a fight between SCP-173 and Slenderman?
Here's one I haven't seen yet: MCU Thanos vs DCAU Darkseid
Who would win, Razor vs Uvogin?
Which country would be the next target of Germany after the fall of Poland if the UK and France had not declared war on Germany?
Your custom-picked team goes through a ladder
MMA Gorilla vs Ninja Crocodile: Who would have the edge?
Who would win, a bear or a hippo?
How does Russia's new Armata tank stack up against the Abrams tank? Is Abrams still king, since it's the only tank that can "gun and run" at the same time?
You, with a random power, versus your least favourite character Who would win?
Who would win this battle: Pennywise vs. Courage the Cowardly Dog?
Who is the strongest person that the Bernstein Bears could invite over for dinner and then savagely kill?
Why are humans obsessed with material wealth? Why are they obsessed with winning the rat-race by nudging ahead by all means?
Who would win in an all-out total war, Trajan’s Rome or the 1776 British Empire?
Big Mom vs Wonder Woman: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, A modern engineer, mathematician, physicist, chemist, and doctor are sent back in time to ancient Athens, who advances human knowledge the most?
A Song of Ice and Fire : Who would win in a fight between the two best swordsmen of Westeros: Barristan Selmy and Sandor "The Hound" Clegane?
Who would win, Hisoka or Razor?
Dogfight between Nathan Zachery and The Teacher: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Eight Gates Lee versus Adult Sasuke?
Who would win a fight between Venom and Batman?
Sandy Cheeks is actually serious about making people pay her to fight the Alaskan Bull Worm.
Marvel Comics: Who would win in a battle between the Dire Wraiths and the Skrulls?
Who would win, Carlton Lassiter vs Ron Swanson?
Who is the strongest Naruto character the average Navy Seal can beat?
Who would win in a fight: poop or pee?
How long will it take to develop the technology required to win a race with a ray of light that's using a medium of Germanium?
Which is the best way to fight a hornet using hands only?
Who'd win, The Team vs the Teen Titans?
Which superhero right-hand man should be able to demand the biggest raise from their boss: Happy , Alfred , or Hank McCoy ?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Kalkarrot vs Thunder Woman, and why?
If humans start living on different planets, will a war break out between them?
Who would win in a fight: Gandalf the Grey or Saruman the White?
Who would win in a fight: Godzilla or Gamera?
Who would win in a fight, Rick Sanchez or Goku?
Who would win in a fight: Black Panther or Pink Panther?
Earths mightiest heroes attract the Reapers attention, can they survive total extinction?
In what year would the United States have had the power to fight 5/10 with modern North Korea?
You can now fire Easy Cheese from your nose. How screwed is your favorite street-tier character? Who would win?
Who would possibly win in a battle between Ron and Hermione?
Who would win, Apes vs wolves?
The Dragons Sin of Wrath, Meliodas vs. Killua Zoldyck : Who would come out on top?
Who would win out of 10 chimpanzees and 10 apes working together try to bring down Bear Grylls and Steve Irwin, and why?
Who'd win, A guy with a rifle vs a guy with a pistol?
In a war between the CIA and MI6 who would win?
How much did Daryl Scott win in total?
Who would win this match: A Dire Wolf vs A Lion?
What animal would result in the scariest Xenomorph.
Who'd win, 20 bottle nose dolphins vs 1 killer whale?
How can the weaker person win a fight?
Is WW3 imminent at this point in time?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine versus Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers?
All the Ants in the World are now the size of a human toddler. They're out for blood. Can we win?
Who would win, Star Destroyer with Darth Vader vs a Borg Cube?
Batcow becomes Galactose who can he now beat, that he couldn't already?
Who will win in fight between Emma Frost and Batman?
Who'd win, Arm Fall-Off Boy vs Armless Tiger Man?
Who would win, Parayste vs James Heller?
Will Goku beat Bills in a fight?
Who would win a fight between Oberyn Martell and the Hound?
Disney Princesses battle Royale
Who would win, Black Spiderman or Nanosuit Iron Man?
Katara vs Aqualad: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Luke Skywalker in an F-22 Raptor vs Darth Vader in an Su-50?
Who would win, Robbie Rotten vs Jimmy Neutron?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand street fight, Bruce Lee or Donnie Yen? Why?
Who would win a conventional war between China and USSR assuming no other country gets involved?
Who would win, The Stock Market is riding Bulls and Bears: this has nothing to do with the stock market?
Who is the strongest DC character Goku could beat?
Who would win in a fight between Lenny McLean and Charles Bronson?
Who would win this combat: greek god's vs egyptian gods?
Who would win a fight between Anakin and Sephiroth?
Who would win in a fight between Garnet and Undyne ?
Chacma Baboon vs English Bull Terrier: Who would win?
Charcter guessing game
How effective are tanks in modern warfare?
Who would win out of Tsunade vs Wonder Woman, and why?
Who would win, Ryuko Matoi or Finn the Human?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos and Kaguya?
Who'd win, Roronoa Zoro vs 6 Paths of Pain?
Who'd win, Bruce Lee vs. Batman and Lady Shiva?
Every rapper with "Young" in their name vs every rapper with "Little" in their name.
could the gang from its always sunny successfully complete Snake's mission on Shadow Moses?
Who would be the winner out of Batman vs Spiderman with a twist, and why?
Who would win, Thor vs Netero?
Is it cowardice to run from a fight?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Slenderman vs Seal Team 6, and why?
Who would win in a fight between a trained army soldier and a pro boxer? Both of them are of equal weight and height. It's like a one-on-one street fight, with no weapons used.
Who would win a boxing match both in their prime: Anthony Joshua vs Lennox Lewis?
After being eaten by his dogs in Westeros, Ramsay Bolton is reborn on Earth during the early 20th Century in America as a serial killer. How many people does he manage to kill or torture before being caught?
Who would win in a fight between Achilles and Aragorn? I’m referring to canon only; Flame of the West can slice through Achilles.
Who would win in a battle between a Kodiak bear and a Grizzly bear?
What are the chances of a human surviving a fight against a tiger?
Batman vs. Aquaman: Who would be victorious?
Who will win if there is a fight between Shaktimaan and Captain America?
Who would win this punch-up: The Plot of Marvel vs Capcom 3?
If there was another Falklands war, who would win?
Who would win in 1 mile race, a Toyota Tundra 2017 or Audi A6 2011?
How would a battle of Istanbul play out? Assume that the entire civilian population is still there, and it's raining. Also the enemy are the Russians .
Reptar vs Dinosaur Neil: Who would be victorious?
Who would come out on top out of Ichigo Kurosaki vs Ghost Rider, and why?
Who would win, Sidra vs MCU Thanos?
Should I end the battle and let depression win?
Who would win this war: The Flash Vs Voldemort?
Who would win, K.I.T.T. from Night Rider, Herbie the Love Bug, Lightning McQueen from Cars, Putt Putt, and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang enter a demolition derby?
How do I stop fight between two friends?
How many Lightsabertooth Tigers are needed to kill Goku?
Who can beat the God-Emperor of Mankind?
Who would win, Darth Vader or the Borg Queen? How/why?
9 equal warriors, each carrying a famous sword.
Why are the great powers improving their militaries? Is it because WW3 is about to start?
Who will win in a fight between The Flash and Iceman?
You vs a Gauntlet of Wild Animals Who would win?
What Marvel character would win in a fight between Carnage versus Deadpool?
The Justice League vs. The Annihilators: Who would be the winner?
In the Apple versus Samsung race, who wins, iPhone 6 or the Galaxy S6? Will Apple remain at the top of its game?
Got downvoted in /r/askreddit. How would you survive the zombie apocalypse?
Who would win in a race, a domestic cat or Usain Bolt?
Who would win, Frigid Outskirts vs The Water Temple?
How do I train for winning a 10k race?
You and your friend are in your garage when a pisses off900 pound grizzly bear walks in Who would win?
Who would win this fight: Shadow VS Dark Pit at being 2edgy4u?
Who would win in a fight between Goku and all other anime protagonists?
Who would win if we get a vacation and all god's fight with each other?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Brains vs brawn, and why?
Who would win if there would be a war between Karna and Arjuna with Archery?
What would the world look like after a nuclear World War 3?
Knuckles the Echidna vs Shadow the Hedgehog
Who would win this combat: Jason Bourne vs. Big Boss?
Why do the US/UK have the no-win, no-fee clause in legal cases that are fought?
Who would win in a fight between Ancalagon and Godzilla?
versus an army of Daleks
What will happen to the American economy if we declare war on China and/or Russia?
What is more intimidating in a fight, a sword or a knife?
An Ostrich vs a Kangaroo
Does your character qualify for a Lantern Ring?
Who would win, Galactic Empire VS Galactic Empire ?
Who would win in a fight, the Dragon Ball universe or the DC universe?
Who would win in a game between a Canadian football team and a college football team?
In World Conflict, Soviet assault, the Soviets didn’t use any nukes because of the US Star Wars program. However, this program failed but the Soviets didn’t know about the failure. Is this realistic as in no nukes being used?
Who will win between The Batman Who Laughs and Dracula The Batman?
Who is winning the intense perception battle between the AAP and the BJP which is going on in Quora?
Who'd win, Jaden Korr VS Kylo Ren?
Who would win in a fight between Charles Xavier vs Yoda?
What would happen if the whole world declared war on Mexico?
Who would win in a war between all digimon and Pokemon?
Who'd win, Thor vs Zeus, Thunder Dome?
Who would win in a battle between Dumbledore and Gandalf?
How many Captain Americas from the 1990 movie could MCU Captain America beat in a fight?
Who would win this battle: Deadpool marries a Saiyin and has a baby. This baby has deadpool's healing, the curse from thanos, and zenkai. The baby grows to a healthy age of 18 and loves fighting as much as Goku. Starting as a peak human strength at 18, how far do they climb up the ladder?
Who would win, Cartoon Network vs Disney vs Nick?
Who'd win, Darth Vader in a room where his powers don't work vs 500 Bloodlusted Lions?
If Steppenwolf from the Justice League movie fought the Hulk, who would win?
Run the One Piece Ladder
Who would win, The Man of Steel vs. The Fastest Man Alive?
Abaddon the Despoiler launches a Black Crusade into the Star Wars universe. How far does he make it?
Your favorite historical figure vs your least favorite character from fiction
What non-telepathic character can defeat Professor X in a game of chess?
Can India win the test match versus Bangladesh tomorrow?
Who would win, Kilgrave vs. a tree from "The Happening"?
All Countries personified into one human face off in a free for all. Who comes out on top?
Who would win this brawl: Kotetsu vs Dio Brando?
The entire world attempts to invade & conquer the USA, non-nuclear/chemical/bio war.
Who would win in a fight, Izuku Midoriya or Ichigo?
- Venom vs. Bane
Who would win in a hypothetical the US vs. the British, the British SAS or the American Delta Force?
Who would win in a war between the Soviet Union and the current Russian Federation?
Who would win, Super Saiyan Blue Vegito or SSJI Trunks?
Who would win this battle: The Rock vs JJ Watt?
A new series: Battle for the Title! Episode 1: Spider-Man
Human avengers vs T-rex: Who would be victorious?
You are now cursed! The person you are currently dating or pursuing romantically must fight all of your ex's to the death in the arena! Who would win?
Why was the American Civil War fought?
Which country is winning the innovation race: US, China, Japan, Germany, UK?
Who would win in a fight between Furiosa, Katniss & Rey of Star Wars?
Every Animal you kill you gain their abilities, can you kill a stegosaurus after six?
You vs. Twenty Bloodlust Cats Who would win?
How many dogs would it take to take down an adult tiger?
Who would win, Stupid Junkie BANE vs the Ever-Lovin', Blue-Eyed THING?
A large thunderstorm passes over SCP-777, The Kingdom of Sand, as Gaara passes through it. Who wins?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Stephen Hawking vs Charles Xavier, and why?
Who would win in a fist fight between Tony Stark and Doctor Strange?
Who would win this brawl: T-Rex vs a giant Care Bear?
If every province of Indonesia declared war against each other, which would win?
Who would win between The Annihilators vs The Justice League?
Every human on earth vs every ant on earth
Who would win this combat: Captain America vs an Enraged Silverback Gorilla?
Who would win a war between USA and Israel?
Who is winning the race: Wealthfront, FutureAdvisor, Betterment, Learnvest, or Personal Capital?
Who would win in the CW/DC TV-verse, The Flash versus Supergirl, Green Arrow and all the legends?
Could a well trained/athletic midget be able to take down an average man in a fight?
how powerful would you be if you had the ability to change a superhero's clothes?
Who'd win, Voldemort, Grindelwald, Werewolf Lupin, Dumbledore & Captain America vs Master Chief, Plo Koon, Lestat the vampire, Maul & Sinestro?
What is the relationship between being physically strong and being good at hand to hand combat?
"Mr. Frodo? Billy Mays here, and I want YOU to throw it in the fire!" Instead of Samwise Gamgee, Billy Mays enters the Crack of Doom!
Who would win in an all-out conventional war between Poland and Germany without interference from other nations?
Who would be victorious out of ExplodingTNT characters vs SMG4 characters, and why?
Who would win in a fight between General 'Thunderbolt' Ross and General Wade Eiling? And why?
Greatest football team of all time vs. mentally handicapped team of grizzly bears...
Who would win in a war between Russia and the European Union?
Stolen from /r/switcharoo: Predator vs Cows with Grenade Launchers
Who would win this match: Embo vs. Oroku Karai?
Who would win this combat: Random characters are dropped into 616 Marvel and are mistaken for mutants. Who keeps their sanity the longest?
In a fight to the death between every American president, who would win and why?
Who would win in a fight between Batgirl and Catwoman, and why? Both are carrying their usual equipment, and have no prep time.
Who would be victorious out of Everybody on Earth now gets the abilites and intelligence of your favorite superhero. Who can we now beat, and why?
Who is constitutionally correct in the current fight between Najeeb Jung and Arvind Kejriwal?
Who is the strongest character that Courage the Cowardly Dog could defeat?
Who would win, World War 3, Russia or America?
If 100 German Stormtroopers fought against 100 Waffen-SS, who would win?
The hippopotamus is one of the most deadly creatures in the world. If it had the power to absorb the abilities of those it kills, can Ultra-Hippo destroy the avengers?
Who'd win, Batman vs Wonder Woman?
Infinitely wolf-shitting Bill Nye vs. intelligent Jurassic Park dinosaurs
Thanos w vs Kurse Mortal Kombat: Who would win?
Who would win, Batman or the Shadow?
May the best version of the Hulk win! One character enters, one character will leave because they are all The Hulk. Which version of Hulk would win in a tournament style gladiator battle?
A bear vs. a tiger AKA Baloo vs. Shere Khan: Who would come out on top?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Aang vs Po, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Faora from Man of Steel?
Who would win this combat: Vampire vs. Werewolf vs. Frankenstein?
Who would win, Ichigo vs Sasuke?
The Greek gods compete in a Who's Done The Worst Thing contest
Who would win, Street Sharks vs Battletoads?
Who would win in a fight, All-Might or Cyborg?
In an all out battle between Spider-Man and Joker, who would win?
In professional car racing, how often does the polesitter win?
Who'd win, Spartan vs Space Marine?
Who would win a fight between Darth Vader and Anakin Skywalker?
Shaolin monks vs NFL teams at football: Who would have the edge?
Who'd win, Pack of Dogs vs Pack of grey wolves?
Who would win, aliens from the Spectral movie or aliens from the Darkest Hour movie?
Who would be the champion out of MCU Black Panther vs MCU Luke Cage and Daredevil, and why?
Are there any alien invasion movies where the aliens win?
Battle of the Brains.
Who would win, Parallax Hal Jordan or White Lantern Kyle Rayner?
Who would win, Deadpool with green lantern powers from that atrocious film vs Cable with Thanos' powers vs Captain America with human torch powers vs Killmonger with human torch powers?
Who wins in a fight between a lemur and a monkey with the same weight?
Who would win, Jaco or the 1st Form Frieza?
Who would win in a fight, the Game of Thrones universe or the Cosmere?
Who would win, Darkseid vs Black Adam?
If there is a war between US and Israel who will win?
Could Earendil have defeated Durin's bane? Could he have showed up in the War of the Ring?
Who would win: Kid Anakin vs. Farmboy Luke in a T-16 Skyhopper race down Beggar's Canyon?
Who'd win, Hulk vs. Doomsday?
How will a fight between terrorists and Chinese army be protecting CPEC trucks and trains? Who will win?
How good are DeRay McKesson's chances to win the mayoral race in Baltimore?
Is there any movie version of a character that could beat their comic book forms in a fight to incap/death?
Who would win a fight: Sour Patch Kids or Jelly Babies?
Who'd win, Master Splinter VS Master Shifu?
Who would win, Cheetu or Killua in Godspeed mode?
You and your dog vs a Cassowary that wants to kill both of you Who would win?
America's military vs. the next 34 biggest militaries in the world: Who would be the champion?
A bloodlusted Red Kangaroo spawns in your house..
Who'd win, Simon the Digger vs. Hal Jordan?
Where is the best place to punch someone to end a fight?
If all the Warriors who fought in Mahabharata came together and fought against a modern nation who would likely win?
Who would win, orcs or zombies?
What's the strongest pokemon a human can beat in a fair fight?
You vs. a bloodlusted saltwater crocodile Who would win?
Who would win this war: Medieval Knights vs SEAL Team 6: Who has a better chance against Necromorphs?
Captain America vs bloodlusted Lightning McQueen: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, 3 fully grown wolves or 1 fully grown tiger?
Give your favorite historical person your favorite augmented human's powers. What do they do with it?
Who would win, the chemist or the chemical engineer?
Who'd win in a war between Germany and Denmark?
Who would win, Cat Valentine vs Andy Dwyer?
John Constantine vs Dr. Strange - who would win?
Did Russia just declare World War III? I live in India. What preventive measures shall I take, if so?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Chuck Norris?
Who would win, Black Lightning versus Static Shock?
Who would win in a war between Albania and Montenegro without NATO intervention?
Could 40k Ham Warriors defeat Absolute Peak Korea?
Who would win, Red Hood or Captain America?
What would war with North Korea look like?
Who would win between a Chinese Army and US Army war?
Who would win, God of Destruction, Champa or Vados?
Who would win this duel: Link , Fuhrer Bradley and Ike Team up together in a Three Musketeers situation. Who can they defeat?
Who would win this fight: Superman vs Icon vs Martian Manhunter?
Can an Elephant-sized Brock Lesnar run the Big Guys Gauntlet?
Who would win, Smaug or a stone giant?
If agile Roman troops beat up Phalanxes with Sarissas, why didn't the same thing happen to European pike formations?
An elephant that weighs one ton, or a mass of butterflies that weigh collectively one ton.
In a battle with Mewtwo versus Rayquaza, who would win? Both have a base stat of 720, and all mega evolutions of them are 780.
Who would win: Anakin vs. Sauron?
In a fight, is it better to "finish" your opponent with striking or throwing/grappling?
Who would win this fight: Great Grey Wolf Sif vs. Gravetender Greatwolf?
Psychic Tandem War Elephant vs. Skips: Who would be the victor?
Who would win, 12 clone troopers versus 100 marines?
Thor runs a Combat Speed Gauntlet again
The multiverse is threatened by Thanos with the full power of the Infinity Gauntlet, the Strongest Heroes of these universes band togeher. Do they have a chance at stopping Thanos?
Who would win between Wonder Woman and a Bannerless Hulk?
Who would win in a fight, Bill Cipher or Naruto?
Who will win in a war between Brazil and Ecuador?
Naruto VS Colossus Titan, who would win?
The Master Cheif get's dropped in the Dark Souls universe. How far does he make it.
What specific threat level would your favorite characters be if there were dropped in One Punch Man verse?
If Steve Rogers, Bruce Banner, and Peter Parker, all before they got their powers, fought to the death, who would win?
What's the most balanced gang of characters you can come up with for the Cooper Vault Job?
Who would win in a war between American Revolution soldiers and Roman soldiers?
What would be the worst impact on the US if war take place between the US and North Korea?
Who would win in a fight between Vegito and Beerus?
Hypothetically, in a fighting tournament, what would happen if two fighters end up both knocked out and the fight ends in a draw?
Who would win in a fight - Jon Jones or Georges St. Pierre?
Who would win out of Roman Empire vs Chimpanzee Kingdom, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Jason Bourne and the Winter Soldier?
Who would win in a fight, Master Chief or Iron Man?
Who would win between Hellboy and Hulk?
Build your dream team, it's time to go hunting.
Australia is losing the Great Emu War. In a last ditch effort to win, they deploy 20,000 wild boars.
How would a war between China and Iran play out?
Who would win, MCU Thanos or Son Gohan?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and Israel?
Batman, Robin, Green Arrow, and Speedy all play a board game while drunk. The game they pay is: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Botamo vs MSSJ Goku?
Nile crocodile vs American alligator, who would win and why?
Brawl between benders like in Avatar, but instead of earth, fire, etc., they use elements from the periodic table
Who would win, Luke skywalker vs galactus?
Who would win a fight between The Punisher and Jason Voorhees?
Who would win, Goku and Superman vs Fusion?
Gorilla with Bane's Venom vs. Lion with Venom symbiote: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight between Anakin and Saitama?
Who would win in a 1v1 duel: Thor or a skilled Sith/Jedi?
Let's try something a little different, with comment chains.
whats the minimum number of rottweilers it would take to kill one hyena?
Who'd win, Devil Dinosaur Vs The Indominus Rex?
Who would win this battle: 100 Hitlers vs Hagrid?
Who would win in a war between Nazi Germany and Iraq in 1991?
What would happen during World War 2 if the Germans had not sent any troops to North Africa and focused on the Eastern Front instead?
Who would win if an ox and honey badger fought each other?
Who would win in a coorporate war, MCU Tony Stark or DCEU Lex Luthor?
If another nerve gas attack occurred in Britain, could that trigger World War III?
Fighting: Can a human kill a bear without using any weapon other than the body?
Who would win this war: A horse sized duck vs 100 duck sized horses?
If America invaded Canada, would Canadians fight to the bitter end?
Who would win – Lobo vs Wolverine?
Who would win a war between Austria and North Korea?
What’s the strongest comic villain that Phoenix Jones could beat?
Who would win between Napoleonic Cavalry and medieval Cavalry?
Choose a character with water based abilities. They must now run this electricity gauntlet.
In WW2 who would win a battle if France, Russia, Germany, Italy, Japan, Britain and the US fought a battle every country for itself?
Why doesn't China invade India like Germany did to France in 1940? Germany won it with great ease.
Who would in a fight to the death between Doomsday, Solomon Grundy, Hulk and Bane?
Who would win in a fight of Deadpool versus Hitman? Why?
Who would win, LSSB Broly or Golden Cell?
Who would win in a war between Australia and New Zealand? How long would it take for Australia to conquer NZ, and what would be it's next target? This is ignoring potential allies as well.
Who would win in an epic battle between the asgardians and the amazonians?
Who would win, MUI Goku or Zamasu?
In US special operation combatant command, what is the difference between vice commander and deputy commander？
Who would win if there was a war between Nader Shah and Aurangzeb?
Who would win in a street fight: Eazy-E or Snoop Dogg?
Who'd win, Azula steps into a strange machine designed to see a world unseen and gains the ability to go ghost. Who is the strongest person she can beat?
In theory, who would win in a soccer match between equal sized teams of badgers versus beavers?
Gohan as the Great Saiyaman joins the Hero Association from One Punch Man.
Who'd win, Silver-back Gorilla vs Tiger?
Netflix's Daredevil versus Fox's Daredevil - who wins in a fight based on onscreen feats alone?
Kenpachi Zaraki vs. Berserker: Who would claim victory?
Who would win in a fight between the Predator and the Thing?
Who would be the champion out of Oil vs Water, and why?
Who'd win, Gamzee Makara is in a forest when he encounters Flippy, from Happy Tree Friends. They have no way to contact anyone else, and they only have their most iconic weapons in their arsenal . FIGHT?
If Terence Tao were to be "mathematical Sherlock Holmes", who would be his Moriarty?
Who would win in a battle between a phoenix and a simurgh?
What is your opinion of how Frederick prosecuted the Seven Years War? Would you have done anything differently?
Who'd win, Zordon with Lightning Vision and Jade Chan with a Hight-Tech Symbiotic Exoskeleton v.s. Sandman with Copper Mimicry and Shana with Metal Manipulation - HappyGabe's Extra Crunchy WWW Tournament?
Who would win this battle: Ronda Rousey vs my drunken abusive step-father?
Can an MMA fighter with a metal baseball bat win a fight against a strong alpha chimpanzee?
Who'd win, Ant Man vs. Million Ants?
Who would win this duel: Alien vs Predator?
Crazy Archer Team Battle
Who would win this combat: 1 Trillion Water Molecule Sized Suns vs. 1 Lion?
The Buffy The Vampire Slayer Cast vs any 1 of the Slaughterhouse 9: Who would claim victory?
Tenshinhan vs Zebra: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Cloud, Squall, Terra and Tidus vs Lightning, Zidane, Noctis and Cecil?
Who would win? Black cat vs Domino
How do people think Thanos would win against world breaker Hulk? Hulk has unlimited power depending on his rage and his healing ability is to that of Deadpool so eventually Thanos would just get Hulk mad and win.
Who would win in a war between the Soviet Union and the People’s Republic of China without any foreign intervention/aid?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Spider-Man's rogues vs. Wolverine's rogues, and why?
In honour of the World Cup, DC vs Marvel in a football game V2!
Who would win, a thousand duck-sized horses or one horse-sized duck?
Who'd win, Deathstroke vs Deadshot in Assassination Contracts?
Will Feng Zhang win a Nobel Prize?
Who would have the edge out of Decoy octopus vs. Spy from TF2 at killing the President of the united states, and why?
Who would win, Hulk, Solomon Grundy, Doomsday, and Juggernaut all fight each other?
Who would win this brawl: Goffu vs. SuperThor?
Who would win out of Yoda vs. Shifu, and why?
Let's acknowledge the most OP character in the history of videogames: Who is the weakest videogame character who could defeat Maxwell from scribblenauts?
What was the fight between Louis C.K. and Marc Maron referenced in the episode "Ikea/Piano Lessons"?
how many LotR ents can modern humanity kill
Why do people keep asking who will win in a fight between Marvel and DC characters when they know very well that the outcome will depend on the writers?
Who will win a battle of bands competition between the United States and England?
Who would be victorious out of 1933 Adolph Hitler VS 1960 John Fitzgerald Kennedy in a bare fisted, no weapons, hand to hand, and to the death fight, and why?
all fictional Cat people vs All fictional dog people
Rama vs. Mad Dog: Who would be the winner?
If all the victors from the death battle series on YouTube's ScrewAttack channel fought each other in a death battle, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Mike Tyson and Tonga Fifita the pro wrestler?
Who would win in a fight, Starfire or Ms Marvel?
Who would win in a fight between Luke Skywalker and Sentry?
Who would win, Peak Human vs Hercule Satan?
What would happen if World War 2 broke out except with modern infrastructure?
Who would win this war: Alaskan Yukon Bull Moose vs 3-Silverback Gorillas?
Who wins in a battle to the death between a dachshund and a badger?
Every U.S. president gets thrown into a boxing match tournament pitted against each other.
Superman flies this gauntlet.
Could Gandalf defeat Smaug on his own?
Wolverine vs. 6 Lumberjacks at chopping down a Redwood tree: Who would come out on top?
Project Freelancer Infiltrates the Crow's Nest
If I was transported back to the Rev. War with an AH-6 Little Bird, with unlimited fuel and ammo, and I fought for the Americans, would I win the war?
Who'd win, Epic Fantasy Grudge Match #1: Cats vs Dogs?
Who would win, Anakin Skywalker vs. Sandman?
Classic Strange vs Classic Normal: Who would claim victory?
Who would claim victory out of The average human vs. Superman, and why?
Who would win, Aang in the Avatar State vs Korra in the Avatar State?
A war between the Asian countries with Middle East, who would win?
Who would win, Rock Lee vs Shira?
Who would win in a war between Myanmar and India?
Who would win this combat: Batman vs. Captain American?
If all the mortal telepaths in Marvel/DC Comics fought with only telepathy who would win?
Who would win in a fight: White Lantern or Franklin Richards?
You and the following characters have a time machine. Who makes the most money in 24 hours? Who would win?
Who would win this battle: Goku vs. Batman?
Who would win in a duel between Eddard Stark and Gregor Clegane?
Who would win between a Red Kangaroo and a Chimpanzee?
Who is the strongest character from either Marvel or DC that Hercule Satan could defeat in a fight?
Hide 'n' Seek: Ultimate Edition -- All of the Greatest International Sportsmen
Who would win, Mr. Fantastic vs. Doctor Octopus?
Who would win, prime Pacquiao or Gennady Golovkin right now if both fought at 150 lbs?
Who would win, Master Chief vs. Thanos?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Strange and Zoom?
If all the member nations of the Eight Nation Alliance fought each other instead of China and the Boxer Rebellion, who will win?
The Kantai Collection shipgirls are tasked with clearing Somalia's waters of all pirates. Can they do it?
How would Batman research and analyse Iron Spider Armor V1.1? How would he disable it?
Avengers: Infinity War except all the Avengers have watched Avengers: Infinity War
Who will win in a fight between Zatanna and Hermione?
Who'd win, Caesar vs Rick Grimes?
Who would win this fight: Admiral Trench vs. Admiral Yularen?
Who would claim victory out of Atheists vs Steroid users, and why?
Who would win, Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet or a Dalek?
Who would win, British SAS vs American SEALs?
Who would win, 15 Humans vs Fused Zamasu?
Which has a better chance of beating Superman, Iron Man with his most advanced normal armor or a fully raged Hulk?
Arcueid Brunestud runs a vampire gauntlet
Who would win in an all-out war between the New Empire of Darth Malgus and the Galactic Empire?
Who Can Out-Creep SCP-999-J
Who would win, Frieza vs Hit?
Bull Moose vs. Bull Giraffe: Who would be the winner?
In the Tortoise and Rabbit story, is it the steadiness of the tortoise or the proud/laziness of rabbit that made tortoise win the race?
Is reaction time everything in a fight?
Elephants vs Ants: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who will win a fight between an A-10 Warthog and an AH-64 Apache?
Sonic and Shadow vs the League of Villains: Who would be the victor?
Punisher vs Captain America: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Ursa and Faora-Ul? .
Who would win, Shenron vs Marron?
Who might win in an all-out, no-rules fight between Chris Gayle and John Abraham at present?
Who'd win, The T-Rex vs The Simpsons?
Who is the weakest character who could defeat a fully equipped and leveled War from NetHack? Details inside, lots of 'em.
Who'd win, Ego vs Apocalypse?
Who would be the champion out of 1000 Silverback Gorillas vs 1000 Velociraptors, and why?
What cross between any two animals could kill both its parents in a 2v1 situation once fully grown?
Who would win a Taijutsu fight between Naruto and Rock Lee?
Who would win in a war between the USA, the UK, Canada, France and Germany vs Russia, China and India?
If somebody tells you slow and steady wins the race? What would you say?
Goku vs Wonder Woman and Hal Jordan: Who would have the edge?
Clifford the Big Red Dog has grown to Kaiju size, can he defeat Gypsy Danger?
Who would claim victory out of Grundy, Bane and Superboy vs Colossus , Rhino and Luke Cage, and why?
Who would win in a fight, the Black Flash or Superman?
Who would win, Damian Wayne stole John Wick's car and killed his f***ing dog?
If Sun Tzu fought Machiavelli, who would win?
Green Lantern Hal Jordan vs Bruce Wayne with a green lantern ring: Who would claim victory?
Juggernaut vs Spider-Man: Who would be the victor?
Who would claim victory out of Avatar Aang joins the fight vs. Thanos on Titan, and why?
Who'd win, Saitama Vs Ken Kaneki?
Who would win in a fight, Black Widow or Okoye?
How many Small Soldiers would it take to defeat ISIS?
Who would win this war: Po vs Eddie Riggs?
Who would win, Wolverine vs Black Panther vs Captain America in hand-to-hand combat?
Which team will win the IPL 2018?
Who would win this war: Rebel Alliance X-Wing VS USAF F-22 Raptor?
Who'd win, China vs United States in a land war?
Who would have the edge out of Wonder Woman VS Erza Scarlet, and why?
Who's the best parent? Not in a fight, but just overall best supportive, helpful, and kind biological parent, guardian, or just adoptive parent.
Supposedly Chimps are pretty strong. Could a Chimp, knock out Mike Tyson with one punch?
Who would be the winner out of Vandal Savage vs Selene, and why?
What were Nazi Germany's biggest weaknesses?
Who would win out of Spinosaurus vs T Rex, and why?
Which are the worst battlefield combats during the Vietnam War between 1964 and 1973?
Who will win in a war between India and North Korea without using any nukes?
Who would win, Adult wild male Spotted Hyena vs adult pit fighting trained male Rottweiler?
Who would win a war between Bangladesh and Mexico, if they would be neighbors?
Who would win in a rap battle between Dan Moskovitz and Samuel Rosenberg?
Who would win, Hulk or All-Might?
Who would win in a war between the early US and ancient Japan?
Who would win a fight between Hercules and Ulysses?
Who would win in a battle between The Fantastic Four and The Incredibles?
Who would win in a fight between Bane and Solomon Grundy?
What superhero what make the best villain
Who would win in a fight, Albert Einstein or Stephen Hawking?
What would happen if every land animal bigger than humans waged war against us and the only weapons we had were hand-to-hand combat weapons?
Why do people say slow and steady wins the race? Aren't slow and steady two adverbs?
Hypothetically, if PornHub and Quora went to war, who would win and why?
Who would win in a fight between 200 Wildlings vs 100 Dothraki?
What are examples of brilliant military strategy?
If 10,000 samurai battle with a King Tiger tank, which will win?
Who would actually win the Super Villain Bowl?
How can World War III happen?
Who would win this match: Tony the tiger vs Tigger?
In the Battle of the Yellow Flashes, who would win in a fight between the Reverse Flash and Minato Namikaze?
Who would claim victory out of Red lantern Hulk vs Gorr the God Butcher, and why?
Who will win a war between Pakistan and ethiopia if they where neighbors?
Who would win this battle: Lucario vs Tai Lung?
Who'd win, Red Squadron vs Star Fox & Star Wolf?
Who would win a war between Pakistan and Germany?
In the new foreign education and exchange program between Japan and the US, students and faculty of Sky High are sent to UA High School, and vice versa. Which school comes out on top of the experience?
MCU’s Battle for New York with a twist.
Who would have the edge out of Lara Croft vs Green Arrow, and why?
How many Captain Atom's Would it take to put Superman down?
Who would win out of Marvel vs. DC, across the Multiverse, and why?
Who will win in a war between Russia and UK without outside intervention?
Which will win, Senheisers versus Digiflip versus Philips versus Beats headsets?
Who would win in a fight, Zorro or Ezio Auditore?
If every land animal fought each other in a 1v1, who would come out on top/have the most wins?
If there is a fight between Superman and Shaktimaan, who is going to win? How and why?
Who would win a battle on a neutral battlefield, between Emperor Ashoka and Genghis Khan?
Who would win in a war between the Untied States of America, Great Britain against every other country in the world?
Gone Too Soon
Who'd win, Bane vs Rhino?
Who would win, Thor vs Ctulhu?
What are champions that can recklessly charge in a fight?
Who would win this war: Bull southern elephant seal vs. Saltwater crocodile?
Who would win between Israel and Poland?
How can one avoid leg-breaking strikes to knees in a fight?
If there was a full-out war of the world, AKA WW3, ''God FORBID'', could the USA bring all of their old jets out of retirement or have they all been dismantled?
Who would win this match: Thor vs Zeus?
The Battle of Five MCU Armies
Who would win in a gang fight between 100 Crips and 100 1920s' Prohibition-era gangsters?
Who would win in a fight, Wally or Barry?
With the election over did Putin’s bluff on hypersonic nukes go too far? Has he started something he won't be able to finish?
Ultimate shounen unlikely ally team up free-for-all
Who would win, Sinister Six vs Hulk?
Who'd win, A pick up basketball game with Captain America, the Winter Soldier and Black Panther vs Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson and LeBron James?
Who would win, Nora Valkyrie with Semblance vs Lie Ren?
Garou enters the World Martial Arts Tournament , how far can he get?
Who would win, Encyclopedia Brown vs historical mysteries?
Who would win: Wonder Woman or Deathstroke?
Who would win, Reddit's hatred of Kanye West vs reddit's hatred of Lil Wayne?
Can a woman beat a man up in a fight?
Who would win, Killer B with his sword fighting style or Zoro with his sword fighting style?
Every non-bug animal on Earth vs. humanity
Who'd win, Bane vs Clifford the Big red dog?
Who would win this fight: Mantis vs Wasp?
Who would win in a fight, Itachi or Fire Lord Ozai?
Would Goku or Batman win in a fight?
Who would win, Tiger vs Lion?
Could the greatest inventors of all time create a 147lb robot capable of beating Floyd Mayweather in a standard boxing match?
Who is the weakest character that can defeat Mr. Lord Hyperovercharged Super Perfect Mystic Full Power Dark Matter SSJ999999E+21312399 Gokhapicgecellin'zopo?
Who would in a fight, a gladiator or a viking?
Who'd win, The Ghost of Sparta vs The Butcher of Blaviken?
Batman vs Endbringers: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this duel: Cocaine vs cat videos?
Deadliest animal an unarmed man can kill?
Who'd win, Mewtwo VS Shadow the Hedgehog?
Who'd win, A Jedi Master with a Lightsaber vs a SPARTAN II with an Energy Sword?
Darth Maul vs. Darth Zannah: Who would win?
Who is the least subtle deceiver who could get Chrom to trust him/her?
Who would win, Chuck Norris vs a 800 lbs tiger?
Who'd win, Garviel Loken vs Blade Wolf?
You must beat Darth Vader and are given the power to steal animals abilities Who would win?
Who would win, Thorin's Company or The Fellowship?
Who would win, Lord Beerus or Lord Champa?
Which would win in a fight: a modern attack helicopter, or a WWII fighter plane?
Who would win in an all out battle between Thor and Vision?
Who would win A fight between Hulk and Sandman?
Who wins in a fight, Master Roshi or Naruto?
Who would be the winner out of Dale the Whale vs Fat Albert, and why?
Who would win in a battle between an Akita and a wolf?
Who would win, God Goku vs Superman Prime One-Million?
Will kids have to fight in WW3?
Between a Honda XR250R motor and a Yamaha WR250X supermotard, which bike is more powerful to win the race?
Who would win in a war between: Harry Potter, Superman, The United States military, North Korea or Dormammu?
Who would win in a war between the religions?
Who would win in a fight, an elephant or a rhinoceros?
Which country's military was the most experienced when it entered WW1 in 1914?
On a fight between big cats and big dogs, who will win?
Who would win a fight, Saitama or Sakura?
Who would win in a war between Middle Earth and modern-day Russia?
If Thor will come face-to-face with Superman, who do you think will win?
Formula 1: Who would win if both Vettel and Alonso were driving same type of car?
Who would win this duel: 1 Silverback Gorilla protecting his young vs. 5 NFL linebackers/5 All Blacks Rugby forwards?
Who'd win, Vegeta, Future Trunks, Gohan, Goten, and Trunks vs. Mangog, Surtur, Ymir, Fenris Wolf, and Jormungand?
Who would win, Resubmit: Sam and Dean Winchester vs Alma Wade from F.E.A.R?
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and a Transformer of human-size?
Who would win, Shinobu Sensui with 5% power from Yu Yu Hakusho anime vs Naruto Uzumaki from Naruto series anime?
What if all water on Earth got sucked into space really fast?
If King had all the powers that the Hero Association thought he did, who is the strongest he could defeat?
Who would win in a fight, Vegeta or Batman?
Who would win in a fight: Stalin or Hitler?
Who would have the edge out of Speed-o'-Sound Sonic vs Iron Fist, and why?
Who'd win, Doomguy , Dante , and Kratos all team up. Who is capable of single handedly taking them all down?
Call of Duty-ish scenario.
Who would win, The Lion Turtle from ATLA vs. Soviet Fleet ballistic missile submarine Arkhangelsk, Typhoon Class?
True Love Affair
Can anyone beat Dr Manhattan in a fight?
Who'd win, Philo Beddoe vs. B.A. Baracus, bare knuckle boxing?
Who could most efficiently wipe out the Dinosaurs.
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs Black Panther?
Gustavus Adolphus now has all his feats from Lion from the North. Who's the strongest character he can now defeat?
Which Bat-characters can Sub-Zero defeat?
Who would win, Great Holy Knight Zaratras vs "The Facifism" Gray Lord?
Who would win in a fight, Gohan or Korra?
How would the Valar react if their predictions had failed and the Noldor had vanquished the forces of Morgoth, forcing him to surrender? What would the Noldor have done next?
Who would win in a fight between Anderson Silva and Conor Mcgregor?
What is the difference between the Navy and the Marines, and who would win in a fight?
The 5 Rules of Batman
Clifford the Big Red Dog goes rogue. Who is the weakest children's character who can stop him?
Omni Samus V. A DBZ Gauntlet
How can I win Kyrati films racing in Far Cry 4?
Is this Donnie Yen story where he fights and hospitalizes 8 guys at once likely/plausible?
Can a Tosa Inu defeat a wolf?
Who'd win, Kim Jong-Un vs Donald Trump in a Boxing Match?
Who would win in a war between NATO and Russia if the U.S.A. decided to stay neutral?
An average man with a sword vs. an average man with a spear
Black Panther vs Spider-Man: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight, Itachi or Korra?
Would WW3 be with armed conflict or would it be economical?
Who would win in a battle 2 battleships or 50 destroyers?
Who would win in a fight between an adult eagle and an adult condor?
Are horses in a horse race conscious of the fact that they are winning or losing?
Who would win in an imaginary fight between Khal Drogo and Prince Oberyn?
Suppose an Indo China war breaks out and it becomes a world war. What will be the outcome?
Your Favorite Street Tier vs A Tiny Terror
Green Lanterns vs. DBZ: Who would be victorious?
Composite HST Heroine run an HST gauntlet
Who would win, Sonic vs Dr. Doom?
Who would win in a fight between Thor, Vision, Hulk, Doctor Strange and Wanda Maximoff vs the Justice League?
Can Henry beat the Hound in a fight to the death?
Who would win, Count Dooku or Anakin Skywalker?
Who would win, Thor with Strombreaker or Dr. Strange?
Who would win this war: A Man with the bodyfat of a Walrus vs A Walrus with the bodyfat of a Man?
Man with spear vs a jurrasic park raptor: Who would win?
Who would be the champion out of Hank Wimbledon vs Adam Taurus, and why?
Who would win this punch-up: Sharkboy and Lavagirl vs. Juni and Carmen Cortez?
Kid Goku vs Bloodborne: Who would come out on top?
Who would be victorious out of Lady Shiva vs. Black Panther, and why?
Who would win, Naruto vs. Luffy?
What were the odds on Secretariat winning each of his Triple Crown races?
Who would win in a wizard duel: Hermione or Ginny?
Who'd win, 1 M1 abrams vs 10 t34-85, 40 Sherman, 5 Tiger tanks and an ISU 152?
Who will be the next leader of the Conservative Party of Canada?
Who'd win in a fight, Galatea or Power Girl?
Who would win in a fight between Spartacus and Leonidas?
Who would win in a race, Ola or Uber?
Who would win in a fight: Quicksilver or Sonic?
Can you assemble and build your own weapon before a chimpanzee kills you with a shotgun?
Pokémon : Who would win in a battle between Pikachu and Charmander?
Pick a giant robot. Describe how you would fight another user in their chosen giant robot.
Batman needs to create a Repellant Bat-Spray. How does he make it?
Who will win between Vegito Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan versus Whis?
Who will win in a team battle between Pandavas and Sons of Dasaratha?
What single non-super individual can field the most firepower in a single fight? And then what is he capable of destroying with it?
Who would win, Assault Carrier or Flood?
Who would win, Anakin vs Nihilus?
Who wins in a fight, Ronda Rousey or an NFL cornerback?
Does a human have a better chance of winning against a black bear or a mountain lion?
Kirby does the unthinkable by slaughtering Dr. Doom, Juggernaut, Thanos, Galactus, Darkseid, Mr. Mxyzptlk, YVYH and destroyed the Suggsverse. Could he beat Doomsday: Who would be the victor?
Ocean's 11 vs. The Crew of Serenity in a bank heist: Who would be the victor?
What was the significance of “Bleeding Kansas” in the lead-up to the American Civil War?
Who would win, Rage Shenron vs Oceanus Shenron?
Who would win a fight: a black belt or a street fighter?
Who is the strongest character Quicksilver can beat with speed* equalised?
The probability that A can win a race is 3/8 and B can win 1/6 if both ran in a race. What is the probability that one of them will win the race assume that both cannot win together?
Doctor Doom runs a gauntlet
Who would win, an adult grizzly bear or a human with an axe and a sword?
If humans ever colonize a bunch of exo-planets and two of these planets go to war, do you think humanity on one planet could take help from aliens to kill the humans on the other planet?
Who would win, Drax The Destroyer VS. Black Panther?
Okay W-W-W, Lets settle this. How many adult human males does it take to defeat a silver back gorilla?
Who would win between Mulan and Merida if they fought in Hunger Games style?
You vs. An Ostrich Who would win?
What are the key points to win a 20 km cycle race?
Who would win in a fight, Black Panther or White Tiger?
How do you think the Canelo Alvarez-Gennady Golovkin fight goes?
Who wins in a fight between Red Hulk and Juggernaut?
Let's cobble together a superhero team... rules inside.
What is the easiest way to win a fight?
Who would win in a fight between a Chinese dynastic warrior and a samurai warrior?
What is the difference between an OIF era veteran vs an OIF combat veteran?
If 10 world class grapplers fought 10 world class strikers in MMA, who would win the majority of the 10 matches?
12 Deer vs Bear: Who would be the victor?
Who would claim victory out of 4 incarnations of yourself in a battle royale! Each of you are an Earth-bender, Water-bender, Air-bender and Fire-bender. Which version of you wins, and why?
Who would win this war: T-800 vs. Velociraptor?
Batman, Sherlock Holmes and Tony Stark vs Magnus Carlsen at Chess: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win this punch-up: Rama vs. Leon Kennedy?
If an M1 Abrams were sent back to the Revolutionary War on the Americans’ side , how would the British react?
Who would win in a fight between Shao Khan and Pinhead from Hellraiser?
Who would win, Super Brock Lesnar vs 10 Brock Lesnars?
Who would win this fight: Death Battle: Twilight Sparkle Vs. Spyro?
WhoWouldWin Workshop Opens Its Doors!
Who would win in a chess game between Alexander the Great and Genghis Khan?
Who would win between the British SBS and the U.S. Navy SEALS?
Combat Doctrines 40k
Why do people underrate the Timelords?
Who would win out of Thor's Hammer VS a replica of Thor's hammer made from a dying star, and why?
Who would win in a fair fight between Lemmy Kilmister from Motörhead, and all currently living Ramones?
Regular vs Bizzaro version of your favorite hero/villain. Who would win in a fight?
Who would win this punch-up: The Legends of Tomorrow vs Teams RWBY and JNPR?
Who would win, the EU Star Wars or the Marvel Universe?
Should the MCU expand into animation?
Who'd win, Mister Sinister vs Gorilla Grodd?
What's the strongest real life animal a Geodude could defeat?
Christopher Reeves vs. Stephen hawking: Who would come out on top?
How much does an F1 champion win? Is there a cash prize for the race?
Who will win the mobile payment race?
Who would be the winner out of SCP-076-2 versus Führer King Bradley, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Chewbacca & Bigfoot?
Whis versus Zeno's attendants- who wins?
Was the fight between the Galactic Empire and Rebels as big or bigger than the prequel war between the Republic and the Separatists?
Who would win in a purely martial arts free for all between the human Tekken 6 characters?
If the Titans from Attack on Titan invaded every nation on the planet today, who would win?
Who'd win, Buzz Lightyear vs. Space Ghost?
Who would win, The Creatures of Earth vs A class 3 Kaiju?
Who would win this duel: Velociraptor vs Sabertooth?
A wyvern is dropped into the age of the dinosaurs.
If all the Avengers fought without their weapons in the first Avengers movie, who would win? Would Captain America lose?
Who would win this duel: Squirrel girl w/ Water bending squirrels vs The World?
Who would win out of Conan the Barbarian VS. Batman, and why?
How different would the world be today if the USA had sided with Germany in WW2?
Talion replaces every protagonist in the Assassin's Creed series, how well does he do?
Who would win in a battle between Hulk and Indrajith?
What chance does Bat-Man have against all the X-men?
If a past US was teleported into the modern day, after which Canada and Mexico would immediately invade it, from how long ago would that US have to be for the invasion to be successful?
In a battle between a fully-militarised Culture GSV and a Dalek Saucer Ship, who would win?
Which of these vampires are the strongest?
Who would be the winner out of The Spectre vs the Ghost Rider. Who cleans up a Bat-less Gotham first, and why?
Great Debate Season 5 Coming Soon!!
In the following matchups, who would win: Wolverine vs. Lobo, Silver Surfer vs. Superman, Moon Knight vs. Batman, Flash vs. Captain America, Green Lantern vs. Cyclops, and Wonder Woman vs. Taskmaster?
American people vs US Military 2015: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a fight, a jaguar or a rhino?
Who would win a war between the Netherlands and South Africa, assuming that every other country will be neutral?
Who would win this match: Silverback Gorilla vs 2 Adult Chimpanzees?
Who would win this battle: The Black Cat vs. Nami?
Who would win, the entire Universe 7 team vs Jiren at Full Power?
Is there any "peak" human that can beat Krillin without using Magic/Tech ?
Who, between two athletes, one slim and fast, and the other fat and slow, would win in a race down a slope?
How would countries react if they all went to war?
Who would win in a hypothetical war between WWII Chinese nationalist forces and WWII Ethiopian forces?
Would knowing how to fence help in a fight for survival?
How many men in gorilla suits would it take to kill an actual gorilla?
Who will win, All Might and Midoriya or Endeavor and Todoroki?
Who would win this battle: X-Men vs. S-Class Heroes?
How many pairs of hypothetical battles can be had for all fictional characters in all media?
_____ for president 2016!
Batman in the bat-cave. Stark in his tower. Peter Parker in his room. Thor in Asgard. Who can grow the *dankest* weed?
Which dinosaur would be the most dangerous in Time Square?
Can the U.S. President start a war with North Korea using the nuclear codes without the approval of Congress?
See inside for details. Various Military units units such as FOXHOUND,The Cobra Unit,Dead Cell,Winds of destruction team up with five years of prep who or what is the strongest army or opponent they can beat 5 times out of ten
All NBA teams become their team's name for a season.
Who'd win, Superman and Batman switch places to fight each other's enemies. How well do they do?
Alright, since last time I typed Korea instead of Korra let's try this again. Who can absolute peak Korra beat?
can V still blow up Parliament if he's being hunted by Batman, Rorschach, and Hellboy?
Who would win between the Polybian legions and the Macedonian phalanxes of Alexander?
Who would win, Son Goku vs Chi Chi?
An average human being fights a bloodlusted Superman, but every time he dies he immediately reappears with twice his strength, reaction time, speed, and jump height.
Who would win in a war between the G7 and SCO countries?
Featuring The Planeteers
Who would be the victor out of Light Saber Parking Attendant vs Light Saber-wielding Angry Drunk Girl, and why?
Do Navy SEALs work on land? I know their specialty is the sea. Do they get in combat and firefights or just dangerous operations that include guns and combat in general? What is the difference between the Navy and a Navy SEAL?
Would the draft be reinstated if we went to war with North Korea?
Who would win a hypothetical gang war between Michael Corleone and Tony Montana?
If every state of the USA declared war against each other, which would win?
Who would win Zeus or The Herald of Galactus Hulk?
Red One vs Sizzler: Who would be the victor?
If there was a battle between Hogwarts, Durmstrang and Beauxbatons, who would win?
If world war three were to break out tomorrow who would the players be on each side and how would it play out?
How many historical military empires would it take to bring down the U.S. military today?
Who would win, Future Trunks "Warrior of the Future" vs Hercules "Skyfather King"?
Who would come out on top out of Gandalf vs Dumbledore, and why?
Which country’s special forces would win in a battle royale? Assume “squads” of four on an island that has varying weather/terrain and scarce food/water.
The Justice League in a "Yo Mama" joke battle
Who would win, Black Adam or the Martian Manhunter?
Who would win this fight: MCU Iron Man vs DCEU Justice league?
Who would win in a war between Iron Monger and Iron Man Mark 42?
If there was a new World War, who would be the opposing forces?
Would you hit a woman for self-defense? You are a man who can box and fight well. A woman has pissed you off in every way while you have kept your cool. Give her a couple blows then leave, or leave bruised without a fight?
Who would come out on top out of Maximus vs Hector, and why?
Who would win in a Clone-Wars-era Starfighter battle between Anakin and Yoda?
Saitama vs. Goku: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in a fight? Mario with cappy, or Tallion with Celibrimbor?
Who would win in a fight between Swamp Thing and Man Thing?
Who would win in a war between Seychelles and Maldives?
Who would win in a war between the Galactic Republic, the Rebel Alliance, the Resistance versus the Galactic Empire, the Separatists, and the First Order?
Who would be the winner out of Super Sand Lesbian Goku vs Man of Stool Soperman, and why?
Who would win in a fight Blackbeard or Jellal?
How would Peter Griffin be able to defeat your favorite character in a Family Guy style chicken fight?
What is the weakest state that we can nerf a Tiger to in the multiverse?
Would you run away or try and fight the Wampa in Star Wars? Why?
Who win the race between NodeJS and Ruby on Rails?
If a WW3 was declared, what kind of weapons will they use in it?
How could Robert Baratheon defeat Rhaegar Targaryen in the Battle of the Trident?
Your favorite character runs a boxing gauntlet
Who would win a fight between Bronn and Daario Naharis?
Who'd win, Ozymandias , V & Marv Vs. Daredevil , Sunny & Storm Shadow?
Who would win a soccer match between Americans and Europeans players?
Who would win in a fight between: Loki & Thor versus Scarlet Witch & Quicksilver?
Who would win, Bobby Hill with purse stolen vs Dale Gribble with pocket sand?
If there was a fight between Naruto and pikachu, who would win?
Finn the Human and Jake the Dog VS Rick and Morty
What are some real life counter-examples to the famous proverb "slow and steady wins the race"?
Who would claim victory out of Close-quarter combat Battle | Composite Masterchief vs. Composite Doomguy, and why?
Who would win this battle: 1.1 man has 1.1 times physical and mental traits of his opponent, but he otherwise has no gimmicks or powers. who is the least gimmicky person that can beat him? Who is the most gimmicky person he can beat?
An unknown paranormal identity is haunting a small Illinois town. Mulder and Scully, the Ghostbusters, the Winchester brothers, and the gang from Scooby-Doo are deployed. Who can deal with the ghost the quickest?
Your Favorite Character VS Your Least Favorite Character at a Rather Mundane Gauntlet
Who would win a war between New York and new Delhi, if they were neighbors?
Who would win, X6-88 vs A Terminator?
A dead historical figure gets to crash on your couch for a year
Who would win, Seal Team Six is given super soldier serum and has Tony Starkband Batman as advisors?
Who would win in a fight, a BJJ black belt or an NCAA D1 wrestler?
Who would win in a fight, an English Knight, a Ninja, a Gladiator, or a Spartan?
Cinematic Superhero Tourney: Round 2
What countries will star in WW3?
The Entire Imperial army vs the entire Earth army: Who would win?
Who would win, Hades Vs. Beerus?
Who would win a war between America and every other country in the world?
What would happen if every animal species were to suddenly become sentient and smart as humans? If there were a global war between all animals, which would win?
How do superheroes change their approach in a fight?
How would the U.S. respond to a simultaneous invasion by Canada and Mexico?
Who would win in a war between United Kingdom and the United States?
Who'd win, 100 Crabs versus 100 Chickens?
Metal Bat vs. Franky: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a war between ISIS and the Medellin Cartel at its prime lead by Pablo Escobar?
Who would win a fight between a grizzly bear and 100 house cats?
Who would win a war between the EU countries and Fennoscandia?
Who would win this brawl: Bat Family vs. Spider-Man?
The Death Star is headed toward the MCU Earth with the intention to blow it to pieces. Who Would Win?
Who will win a foot race between the Pakistani President and the Indian PM?
What if Vegeta achieved Ultra Instinct and fought Goku?
Who would win, 100 F-22's vs 10,000 World War 1 era aircraft?
Rasputin vs Jafar: Who would win?
A man who can't die vs. a man who can't lose in a fight to the death
Team of the Month: The Teen Titans
Who wins the race, the IIT-JEE or the UPSC?
Why is it always the girl who ends up saying sorry first, in a fight, even though it's not her fault?
What is the best matchup fight between any two fictional characters?
Who Would Be More Dangerous In Real Life: Fox Magneto or DCEU Doomsday?
What will happen in a fight between Darth Sidious vs Voldemort?
Who would win, Lord Boros VS the Endbringers?
Who would win in a fight between all Hokage when they are in their prime?
If every single country got into a war with no alliances, who would win and why?
How many people, let’s say your average man, could a pro boxer fight against and hope to win?
What would happen if Nigeria declares war on Mexico?
Who'd win, Master Roshi vs Korosensei?
Who would win if you wrote it?
How many Master Chiefs would it take to have an even fight against a Warhammer 40K Space Marine?
You get a random stand power after being shot by a stand arrow, and are then dropped in the world of JoJo and have to go through the first 4 parts. How well do you do? Who would win?
How would the Toronto Raptors defeat 7 Jurassic Park velociraptors using only items found in Home Depot?
Who would win this brawl: IJLSA vs. The Incredibles?
Who would win in a battle between Achilles and a Valkyrie?
Who would win if Jason Bourne vs The Equalizer?
Who would win in a fight, Luigi or Hit?
Who would win in a fight between Muhammad Ali and the Prophet Muhammad?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Tiger vs A human with a fire extinguisher, and why?
Can a dog ever win a fight against a wolf?
Who would claim victory out of Avatar Aang vs Naruto, and why?
Democratic Presidential Nomination Race : What is the likelihood that Bernie Sanders wins New Hampshire?
If the Soviet Union supported Biafra during the 1967 war, would the US have simply assisted Nigeria alongside its existing British support in response?
Who would win in a fight, the Dragonzord or Mechagodzilla?
Will Republicans win any statewide races in Virginia in 2017?
Brock Lesnar vs Batman , in a Last Man Standing match, at Wrestlemania: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight between WWI Central Powers and WWII Axis Powers?
World Breaker Hulk vs. Ultra Instinct Goku, who wins?
If Bruce Lee fought Jean Claude van Damme and Chuck Norris in a no rules fight, who would win and how?
Who would win this fight: Anakin and his X-Wing vs. Starbuck and her Raptor?
Who would win in a fight, Yoshi or Luffy?
Who would win, Hellboy or Spider-Man?
How India is winning its war on human waste?
If there is war between India and Canada, will Sikhs and Punjabi soldiers kill each other from both sides without any thought? Also, what if brothers are there on each side?
Which character gets the biggest boost through the use of pocket sand?
So who is the toughest character Sly Marbo can beat, and the weakest character that can beat him?
In a battle to the death which one wins, a black bear or a cougar?
Who would win in a battle between Alma Wade from F.E.A.R and Ace of Clubs from Justice League Unlimited?
Can Red Bull Racing fight for race wins next season or will Mercedes still be too far ahead of the rest of the field?
Who would win, Fused Zamasu vs Lord Beerus?
Who would win, Kevin from Home Alone vs Pennywise the dancing clown?
Who would be victorious out of Deathstroke vs Guts, and why?
Who would win, Obito vs Nagato?
Madara vs. Goku: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Netflix Daredevil and Stick or MCU Hawkeye and Black Widow?
Who would win, Hulk vs Spider-Man?
Could a naked, unarmed man win a fight against a Lioness, Grizzly Bear, and two Eagles if he was offered 1 billion dollars?
You and a dog of your choice are dropped off at the uppermost part of Alaska. Can you two make it back to civilization alive? Who would win?
Grey Wolf vs Indian Leopard? Who would win in a fight?
Who would be the victor out of Adam west batman vs the karate cow, and why?
Cartoon Network vs Nickelodean : Who would win?
If a modern soldier and a crusader were in a fight to the death unarmed, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, the Viking god Thor or Supernatural’s Castiel?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Vampire Hunter D vs Alucard from Hellsing, and why?
How well could Japan defend itself against Russia?
What happens if a hippo and a rhino face each other?
All the Ants on Earth vs. Humanity
Pick 2 to defend you, the rest are coming to kill you
Who will win in a war between Germany and Vietnam, if they were neighbors?
Who would win this fight: Marvel Heroes vs Sentinels?
Who would win in a fight, Katara or Aqualad?
What would have happened if the British Royal navy had intervened on the side of the south in the American Civil War?
Who would win in a fight - Frieza or Darth Vader?
Who would win in a fight between Composite benders?
Who'd win, Superman vs Batman?
Which countries will be included in world war III?
Mr. Mxyzptlk and Bat-Mite vs Cosmo and Wanda: Who would win?
Who would win out of Dr. Octopus vs. Medusa, and why?
Who would win this duel: 5000 Marines vs 10 Trillion Lions?
What would win, a gorilla or a grizzly/polar bear?
In a hypothetical battle between the Lord of the Rings universe and the Skyrim universe, which universe would win?
Who would win in a fight, a McDouble or a Whopper?
You gain the power to make any non-living object you touch vanish from existence exactly 24 hours later. How do you sow maximum chaos? Who would win?
Biblical Character Beatdown
If Damian Wayne fought Cassandra Cain in an no holds barred fight, who would win?
What would the allies had done if D-Day went horribly wrong? Would they plan another amphibious assault or seek peace with Germany?
vs.
Can a big buff bodybuilder guy of 5'4 160 lbs beat a 200 lbs 6'1 skinny guy in a fight?
Who would win this battle: 310 Mongols riding dinosaurs vs a modern US Marine rifle Platoon?
What combat training differences are there in the Canadian Armed Forces between infantry soldiers and combat engineers? What specialized training can each access or are denied access to?
Who would win, Hulk or All Might?
Who would win, Arbiter vs 3 Elite Honor Guard?
If international disputes could be solved through bare-handed mortal combat between heads of states/governments, which head of state/government would you want as your guy/gal?
Who would win, MCU Thanos vs Goku?
If there were a war between Spain and Norway, who would win?
According to you, which country will start World War 3?
How would a fight between Hulk and Darkseid be?
Chrom walks into a room containing all the GoT characters lined up from Tyrion Lannister to Balerion. Can he clear this gauntlet?
Who would win - Worf or Boba Fett?
Who would be victorious out of Bear vs. Chair, and why?
Who would win this combat: Sherlock Holmes vs Wilson Fisk?
Why can't we get a definitive answer on whether there will be a WW3?
Shiki the Golden Lion vs Marco the Phoenix: Who would claim victory?
Who would be the victor out of Average Navy Seal vs Average SAS Trooper, and why?
Who would win this match: DIO vs Current Goku?
What is it like to get in a fist fight?
All the presidents of the United States are resurrected to determine who truly is the best president there ever was. How so? A series of board game tournaments of course. Who would be the victor?
Who would win this punch-up: Jon Stewart & Stephen Colbert vs. Newt Gingrich & Sarah Palin?
Who would win, GT SSJ5 Goku vs SS Blue GT Kid Goku?
Who would win in a fight, Ichigo or Yusuke?
How can I avenge the Paris attacks?
5 Navy Seals with actual Tridents vs a Bloodlusted Polar Bear: Who would come out on top?
Can the Star Wars Universe stop Thanos from finding the Inifinty Stones?
Who is the strongest God/religion?
Valkyria Chronicles 1 vs Full Metal Jacket: Who would come out on top?
If there was no internet, would World War III be more likely to occur?
Who'd win, powerpuff girls vs 3 of the MLP ponies?
Who could a Superman with the speedforce Batman and Wonder Womans skills and a Green Lantern Ring beat?
Pimps, Players, and Pain Purveyors, Get Ready For Character Scramble Season 7: Who would be victorious?
If both the Joker and Batman tried to kill each other with no restraints who would win?
this question asked by /u/whowouldwin_SS on /r/subredditsimulator
Who'd win in a fight, Green Lantern or Super Commando Dhruva?
Lion VS Grizzly Bear: Who would be the champion?
Who would win monster of your choice from the TV show Mech-X4 versus Godzilla?
Who would win in a battle of wits between Magneto and Professor X?
Your favorite characters vs your most hated characters who would win
Your left tit VS. your right tit in a fight to the death, which wins?
Rational Mayonnaise Jar with a Lantern Ring vs. Irrational Bread Loaf with a Lightsaber: Who would come out on top?
How many hyenas does it take to kill a gorilla?
Who would win the war if China fought North Korea?
Who would win in a death battle between Dumbledore and Jotaro Kujo?
Mike Tyson is converted into a T-800 and teleported to the Battle of Helms Deep: Who would win?
Team Ice vs. Team Fire Challenge: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight a Gorilla or a Kangaroo?
What can be the benefits if India wins a war with China?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Gohan?
My dead pet bird is going to kill some bitches!
Off Topic Questions and Discussion for 10/28/2014: "Thank God it's Tuesday"
Who would win in a fight, Neji or Gaara from Naruto?
Who would win in a war between NATO and the rest of the world, given no nuclear weapons were used?
Who would win a ground battle between 100,000 Imperial Stormtroopers and 100,000 Jem'Hadar Warriors?
After becoming a United States Senator, can Palpatine unite all three branches of the United States of America to form the United Empire within 16 years?
Who would win in a fight between Bruce Lee and The Undertaker?
In what ways do the teachings of Islam encourage terrorism?
If a group of 15 humans and 15 chimpanzees met in the forest, who would win in an all out battle?
Bloodlusted Antman finds himself controlling Spongebob's brain. How much destruction can he cause to Bikini Bottom?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy or Majin Buu?
What if all of the European Union were to attack the USA?
Which countries are likely to support India if it had a war with Pakistan or China?
Who would win, Dinosaurs vs aot titans?
Who would win, Naruto vs Fairy Tail matchups?
Who would win if an armed civil war broke out between Brexiters and Remainers?
Who would win this match: A supercontinent rises suddenly from the Pacific, and it's dense with Cretaceous life. Disrupted pressure systems create a global storm that will force human's toward the new continent over two years. Do dinosaurs win the world back?
Who would win, North Korea vs the Japanese Empire?
Who'd win, Epic Battle Fantasy vs. Touhou?
How much were the rules for not killing messengers adhered to in olden times?
Who would win, Uchiha Madara or Tenten?
You reincarnated as a Lion vs a Lion reincarnated as you Who would win?
In a hypothetical battle between Indrajit of Ramayana and sage Vishwamitra, who is more likely to win?
Emily Blunt, Matthew McConaughey, Dwayne Johnson, Alexandra Daddario and Idris Elba are abducted by aliens and forcibly integrated into the Intergalactic Protection League.
Brahm Stoker's Dracula must purge the Twilight vampires from the earth. Can he do it?
Why is everyone asking "Who would win in a battle between Ghost Rider and *some other character*"?
Who would win, Genos vs. Colonel Mustang vs. Madara Uchiha vs. any Avatar , but it's a flame-only battle?
Who would win this punch-up: Eddie Riggs vs Po?
Who could beat George Washington?
Can Alexandr Karelin win in a fight against a gorilla?
WhoWouldWin Draft
Oliver Queen vs Wade Wilson
Could the British Army Redcoats have won the 1982 Falklands War?
Who would win, Ryuuko Matoi loses her way and ends up in the One Punch Man universe?
All 44 historical Presidents of the United States of America are in a bar.....
Using 2 main powers and 3 minor powers, how could President Donald Trump take on all of North Korea?
Who would win, Devil Scorpion Vs Wolf Spider?
What's the strongest opponent you can defeat with a random devil fruit
Who is the strongest character MCU Tony Stark can defeat with just his watch armor from Civil War?
Who will win a hypothetical fight between a Sikh warrior and a spartan?
Up arrow vs. Down arrow.
Who would win a fight, The Green Goblin vs Batman?
Who will win in a fight between Iron Man and Green Arrow?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Shaggy w/ Mastered Ultra Instinct vs Pre-DBZ Goku, and why?
Races and creatures of Middle Earth, who is more powerful, a Dragon or a Balrog?
Scar Vs. Sher Kahn: Who would have the edge?
Who would win in a war between Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina without NATO?
What would happen if the US had a civil war in 2016 between the Republicans and the Democrats? Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between World Breaker Hulk versus Superboy-Prime?
In a 1-1 battle between a Type 45 destroyer and a Type 23 frigate, which ship would win?
Who would win between the 1939 USA and Panem?
Who'd win, 35 8 year olds armed with switchblades vs 2 silverback gorillas?
Lord Voldemort & Severus Snape vs Darth Sidious & Darth Tyranus: Who would be the champion?
A pokemon-style battle with real animals - details in post
Gray Fox vs Genji: Who would win?
How strong would the Red Hulk get if he drained Flash's energy?
Skitter vs. Shiki: Who would be the victor?
Which type of robot car is best suited to win the Robot Death Race?
Who would win, Kid Sasuke or Killua?
Who would be the champion out of Ultron, Buu, Cell, Chimera Ant Queen, and Franmalth are dropped into DC/Marvel, and why?
Who would win, Spring Mustachio or Death Gatling?
What is the difference between light, medium and heavy fighter jet combat aircraft?
Who'd win, The Bat Family vs Captain America & gang?
You vs a wolf? Who would win?
Who would win between Naruto, Goku and Ichigo if they fought? Why?
Who'd win, Goku vs Lord Beerus the Destroyer?
Who would win, Magneto vs Loki?
Who'd win, Skynet/Terminators vs Ultron?
Who would win in a fight, Unicron or Galactus?
Who would win: a Japanese samurai vs. a Chinese ninja?
Who'd win, Me vs. You?
Who would win, Pennywise or 5 adult xenomorphs?
Who would win this punch-up: Batman Vs. Superman in everyday challenges?
Who would win this punch-up: Physics Consistent MCU Ant-Man vs Purely Feats MCU Ant-Man?
Who would win a duel between Severus Snape and Bellatrix Lestrange?
Great Britain starts WW2 with ONE F-35 Lightning II. What happens?
Who would win in a fight between Superman Prime One Million and Silver Surfer?
If Ass-Blaster and Bioraptor fought eachother, who would win?
Fire Nation vs The Earth Empire: Who would come out on top?
Who'd win, A Hybrid Cow-Octopus With Blade Tentacles vs 37 Bloodlust Flying Walnut Chairs?
Who would be the victor out of Little Mac vs Chibbodee Crockett in a boxing match, and why?
Who would be victorious out of Devil Dinosaur and Moon Boy vs KotD Black Panther, and why?
Who would have the edge out of Darth Vader vs General Grievous in a boxing match, and why?
How come the Democrats still can't win a race despite Trumps all time low approval ratings?
Who would win this brawl: A fight between the man who raises wolverines vs the African guy with the pet hyenas?
Who will win in a battle between Spartacus and Spartans?
Who would win, Doctor Strange VS All Comedy Characters?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Bat-family vs. Omega Red, and why?
Why is the EU not supporting China's $900 billion Silk Road project when it supported America's $4 trillion war in Iraq and Afghanistan?
How would a war between the Italian mafia and the Yakuza play out?
Who would win in a fight between a polar bear and a salt water crocodile?
Who would win Saitama or Lelouch vi Britannia?
Who would be victorious out of Donald Trump is elected president and decides to create a new American city, more grand and a-maze-ing than any other. Each state may pick a location and pitch to Trump and his Sharks on why they deserve to be the location for the new Trumptopolis, and why?
Captain America vs. Wonder Woman: Who would win?
Floyd Money Mayweather in a boxing match with Cloud Strife
Beerus, God of Destruction Vs. Saitama, The One-Punch Man: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight, Madara or Yoda?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand fight between General Grievous and a Xenomorph?
Would the SAS beat the Italian Special forces in a head to head battle, and who would win?
Who'd win, The Bat Family vs Venom?
Would win in a fight to the death between Wolverine and Sandman?
Are we winning the war against illegal drugs?
Black Panther vs Batman: Who would be the victor?
Who would win the battle between a Cyberpunk Megacorporation's Private Army vs. a Post-Apocalyptic army?
Can your favorite character complete the 12 Labors of Hercules?
Will Iran and Israel go to war in 2018, and will it spark World War III?
Imperial Star Destroyer vs Battlestar Pegasus: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, Ancient Humanity vs. Dark Age of Technology Humanity?
Who would win a fight between Brock Lesnar and Luke Gallows?
Best presidential race: Jon Stewart vs. Stephen Colbert: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win in a three way war between the USA, the British Empire, and the USSR, if the latter two still existed in 2017, with modern tech/armies?
Who's the strongest character in the MCU that Domino could beat?
How would cavalry be useful if World War III were to happen?
What historical figure, living or dead, could have accomplished the most with a blue lantern ring?
Which side would win in a battle between the Spartans and the Gurkhas?
Who would win in a war between the Titans in Attack on Titan and the US military?
If you were commander of the US army in 1861, what strategy would you use to win the Civil War?
Bat-Family vs. Superior Spider-Man: Who would come out on top?
Who would win a fight between Ultron and Apocalypse?
Shazam the Wizard gives Shaquille O Neil the powers of 6 gods to become Captain KAZAAM!!!
How would a fight between Anakin and Qui-Gon Jinn go?
Who would win kid Madara or Boruto?
In a battle between a medieval knight, a Mongol warrior, and an Aztec warrior, who would win?
What would be the outcome of a hypothetical fight between General Grievous and Team Rocket?
Who would win a fight between Q and the Doctor?
If Surtur from Ragnarok and Thanos faced off, who would win?
Superman vs. Goku: Who could calm down their fan-bases faster after a "Who would win in a fight between Superman and Goku" thread on /r/whowouldwin?
What's the Senate rule/procedure by which Roy Moore, if he wins his race, could be removed from the chamber once he's seated?
Who would win in a fight between Pain and Kakuzu?
Who would win a war between Taiwan and all the Balkan nations combined minus Greece?
Who would in a fight between Batman and Krillin?
If Count Dooku and Sidious fought in a lightsaber match who would win and how?
The Fire Nation decide to conquer Camp Half-Blood
What would happen if Aquaman got in a serious fight with Superman?
Who would win, CW Deathstroke or DCEU Deathstroke?
Who would win a war between Tunisia and Senegal?
Who would win in a fight, Optimus Prime or The Megazord?
In their strongest point, Who would win between Naruto and Minato Uzumaki vs Sasuke and Itachi Uchiha?
Who would win in a fight between a fully grown Bengal tiger and three fully grown gray wolves?
How would the Clone Wars end if Sidious wasn't controlling both sides
Who would win, Gambit or Juggernaut?
Who wins in a fight between a Nile crocodile vs. a grizzly bear?
Comic Books: Who would win in a Hypothetical no holds barred fight, Deadpool or Deathstroke?
Who'd win, Talion vs Geralt?
Who would win in a fight, Hannah Ng or Ryan Leslie?
Who will win the 1965 and 1999 war between India and Pakistan?
What made the Rolls Royce Merlin engine so superior to all other engines?
Who'd win, 20 Kodiak Bears VS 1000 Anorexic guys with Plastic Bats?
Who would win in a war between the Netherlands and the Roman Empire?
Who would win this battle: Bane vs Kingpin?
Who would win in a fight? Marvel's Iron Man or One Punch Man's Genos?
Was Sansa annoying at all this season?
Hypothetically, if an enemy invaded the U.S, and assuming the U.S military had been battered to the point of homeland defense. Would the country be untakeable due to the immense amount of patriotic civilians willing to fight?
If Iran, Saudi Arabia, Israel, and India went to war without allies, who would win?
Who would win, Mercury Black vs Bartholomew Oobleck?
Will the United States go to World War 3? How do you think it will happen?
Who'd win, Gaara of the Sand Waterfall vs Toph Beifong?
What would be the end results of WWIII?
Who would win, Jiren or Darkseid?
Who would win in a fight, Natsu or Sasuke?
Who would win in a boxing match between Mike Tyson and John L. Sullivan?
If India and Nepal were at war with each other, how many hours would it take for India to overcome Nepal?
Who would win this fight: Ginger the Cat Vs. Zen'O, Saitama, Fusion Zamasu, Jiren, Beerus, Whis, Champa, Vados, and Ultra Instinct Vegito?
Who would win in a fight between Superior Spider-Man and The Iron Spider?
Who would be the winner out of Raven vs. Raven, and why?
I think that soldiers shouldn't break down from killing an enemy. I feel like they should do it and maybe take pride in it. Is that weird?
Without NATO intervention, who would win in a war between Italy and Slovenia?
What would happen if there was a war between 2 countries fought with only knives?
Who would win this brawl: Aquaman vs King Shark?
Who would win in a fight, Darkseid or Korra?
Would an average male Silverback gorilla that has the powers of Flash be able to defeat MCU Hulk?
Chewbacca vs a Silverback Gorilla: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the victor out of Harambe the gorilla vs Cecil the lion, and why?
Why didn’t World War III happen? It wouldn’t be good if it did occur.
Who'd win, Weakest DC/Marvel Superhero That Could Win vs. Emperor Palpatine, Darth Vader, Luke Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi & Yoda?
Who'd win, Me using an Iron Man mark 45 suit and my friends unarmed vs a peak silverback gorilla?
Who would win, Madara and Itachi or Naruto and Minato?
In this corner... El Toro Fuerte "The Strong Bull" VS. Killbane "The Walking Apocalypse!" in a 3-round match to see who will remove the others mask!
Who would win, a Bullmastiff or a wolf?
The Third Annual ASOIAF/Game of Thrones Tourney: Quarterfinals
Who would win in a modern civil war between the American military and the American citizens who own fire arms?
Who would win, Seal Team 6 vs 100 Middle Earth Elves?
Kratos VS Guts: Who would win?
how many ants would it take to kill a gorrila
Who will win if there is a war between Bhutan and U.S.A?
Who would win in a fight, Deadpool or Naruto?
Rock Paper Scissors Characters
Who would win, Ion versus Optimus Prime from G1?
Who'd win, Team Cap and Team Iron Man against the Black Order?
What would a war between the US and the rest of the world look like?
Who would win: Batman & Captain America vs Deadpool & Spider-Man vs Hawkeye & Iron Man?
Who would come out on top out of Blood listed Airbud vs Krypto the superdog, and why?
Is it possible to win a race with antagonism and not passion?
Who are some MCU characters that Goku can defeat? How can he, and why?
Who would win, Cybermen vs Empire?
How many roomba's with knives taped to them would it to declare a state of emergency in at least 6 congested American States?
Predator comes for Rick's crew!
Who would win this fight: Randy Savage vs Sylvester Stallone vs Christian Bale Batman - IN A SPELLING BEE?
Who would win, Princess Fiona vs. Ronda Rousey?
Who would win in a race, Usain Bolt or Jesse Owens?
Who would win a war between Italy and Libya?
On RK Thor.
Will a war between America and Russia be the end of the world?
SuperGrover goes on a bloodlusted mission to kill all other children's television character. Who stops him?
Who would win, Killer Croc Vs The Crocodile Hunter?
Who would win in a fight between a spotted hyena and tosa inu?
Mace Windu VS Darth Vader in a fair fight: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, The language your first name originated in plus the object to your right is a superhero. That superhero vs. Link?
Who would win in a fight between Ben Affleck's Daredevil and Charlie Cox 's Daredevil?
TV/Movie Discussion
Who would win in a fight between Gandalf and Obi-Wan Kenobi?
Who would be the winner out of Ant-Man vs. The Atom, and why?
Who would win this war: Giratina, Dialga, Palkia and Arceus vs ISIS?
The Avengers and Spider-Man versus The Fantastic Four and Batman, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Indrajith and Thor?
Who would win, Black Beetle or Blue Beetle with Scarab controlling?
r/whowouldwin Great Balls of Fire 2018 Post Show
Who would win in a fight? Terry Crews or Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson?
Hungry Hungry Batmen.
Marv vs Brock Samson: Who would be the winner?
If war happens between 2 countries, what happens to NRIs of enime countries?
Harry Potterverse Vs Fate Series: Who would win?
What are some good examples of winning science fair projects for 9th grade biology?
Who would win in a battle royal between every Teacher you've ever had?
Who would win this fight: Katara vs. An angry rogue Vaporeon with the ability water absorb?
Which is more powerful; An Ancient Dragon from Dungeons and Dragons, or a Dragon from Dark Souls?
How will the world look after WW3?
African Elephant v.s. Star Wars Wildlife
Who would win, Mongul vs Superman?
Master Chief takes over for Batman
Who'd win, Seal Team Six vs 1700s England?
Featuring The Man With No Name
You get the powers of your top 6 favorite god characters. Can you defeat Black Adam with it? Who would win?
Featured Team: The Straw Hat Pirates
Who would win in a fight between Darth Vader and Batman?
Who would win in a fight between Korra and Aang when they are in their prime?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Edward Elric?
Who would win in a hand to hand combat fight to the death a very well trained spartan vs Mike Tyson in his prime?
If war happens between Country A and Country B and if one country wins, can the winner annex loser country into their territory?
Who would win this punch-up: Happy Tree Friends vs Animal Crossing?
Who is the most powerful superhero Jason Bourne could effectively defeat?
Who would win, Wrath vs Speed of Sound Sonic?
Perry the Platypus vs Flippy: Who would have the edge?
Siberian Tiger vs Hippopotamus: Who would come out on top?
How many Terraria bosses could Minecraft's Steve take down?
Which famous ancient battles in Indian history deserve to be a movie?
Of the major Legendary Pokemon, which could and which couldn't solo a billion lions?
Who would be the winner out of Power Rangers versus Darth Vader and Palpatine, and why?
Who would win, Dormammu from Earth 616 or Galactus?
Starter Pokemon fight to the death
Who would win in a fight between a gorilla and deinonychus?
Who would win in a fight between Adam West’s Batman, Michael Keaton’s Batman, Val Kilmer’s Batman, George Clooney’s Batman, Christian Bale’s Batman, and Ben Affleck’s Batman?
Every redditor in WWW gets to choose their level of Superpowers from a tier list. Who wins?
Who would win in a war between the Imperium of Man and The Culture?
Every Character Tim Curry has ever play verse all the different Nigel Thornberry smashing gifs ?
Who would win in a fight between Axe Cop and Superman?
At their best, who would have won in a fight between Mike Tyson and Evander Holyfield?
2014 U.S. Midterm Elections: Who will win the Kentucky Senate race?
Who would win in a fight between Ghost Rider and Superman Prime One Million?
Nathan Drake finds something rather unexpected on a remote island...
If war broke out between the European main powers and the United States in 1939, supposing there are a series of events that would justify war for both sides, who would win and how would it likely play out?
Who'd win, A very powerful Jedi or Sith vs. Thanos with only the Power Stone?
Who would win in a war between the Nightsisters and the Dark Brotherhood?
Who would win this fight: Doctor Octopus and Captain Cold vs Mysterio and Captain Boomerang?
Who'd win, MCU Ant-Man vs MCU Captain America?
Can a sports car even win against a sport bike in a race?
Who would win, Ichigo or Superman?
Who would be the winner out of Helen Keller vs Stephen Hawking, and why?
Ultron Sigma vs Dark Kahn: Who would have the edge?
Who wins in a fight between Franklin Richards and Doctor Strange?
Who would win in a fight, Lugia or Zekrom?
Who would win in a fight between a red-panda and raccoon?
With an optimal campaign strategy + appropriate resources, what are Bloomberg's chances for winning Florida, California, and New York in a 3-way race in 2012?
Franklin the Turtle, Matilda, Hey Arnold, Ferris Bueller, TJ, Spinelli, Carlos, Arthur, Buster, Brain, Berenstein Bear Kids, Ritchie Rich, Pickles, Chuckie, Danny Phantom, Powerpuff Girls, Kim Possible, Dexter, and DeeDee all go to a new school: Who would win?
Who would win, Camille, the Steel Shadow vs the following Terminators?
Who would win this punch-up: Batman vs Black Panther, using only anti-feats?
Who would win in a fight between Obi Wann Kenobi and Naruto?
Who would win this war: A 18 year old vs constantinople?
Pres. Trump vs. Pres. Obama in basketball one-on-one: Who would claim victory?
Composite and peak human Vs. a composite octopus: Who would win?
Who wins the race, NASA or ISRO?
Who was more deserving in the fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao?
You With a Steak Knife vs. Chimpanzee Who would win?
Who would win, Black Smoke Shenron vs GT Goku?
Who do you think would win in a 1-on-1 duel between Merlin versus Gandalf the White?
Who will win in a battle between He-man and Superman?
Tiger vs Crocodile: Who would win?
Your Mom and Dad vs 10 rabid dogs.
Who would have the edge out of Batman vs Black Panther, and why?
What sci-fi species can defeat a Brute in hand to hand combat?
Earth is transformed into a ball of Yogurt. As we all sink to our death a battle breaks out. Who would WIN?
Who would win in a fight between Aragorn and Batman?
Should India seriously consider putting boots on the ground in Afghanistan?
If China declared war with Indonesia tomorrow, would the Chinese Indonesians fight against China?
Who would win, Takamura Mamoru vs Connor McGregor in a boxing match?
Who'd win, 100 Knights vs 25 Spartans?
Who would win, Thanos with Infinity Gems vs Ichigo, Madara, Buu, Superman, and Galactus?
Who would win, A Lion, a Tiger, a Bear, and George Takei in a cage match free for all?
How many Brock Lesnars does it take to kill a fully grown Siberian tiger?
Who would win, Darth Vader or 100 Praetorian Guards?
Who will win a battle between a Nokia X6 versus Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro?
Ratchet and Clank vs Crypto: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a rancor or the xenomorph
Who wins the battle between Inuyasha and Sesshomaru?
Who's the strongest villain from the live action Spider-Man movies?
What is arguably the most brutal fight between two people?
WI?: Humanity gain powers of every single animal was eaten/killed by them?
Who would win in a fight between the strongest man in the planet and a Chimpanzee?
Is anyone really rational enough to not start WW3?
Who would win in a fight between Anakin Skywalker or Borimir?
Who would be the champion out of Gaara vs. Crocodile, and why?
Who would win, Donkey Kong or Link?
Who would win in a conventional war between India and China?
What is it like to get in a fight when drunk?
Who would win between these two characters from Avengers: Infinity War, M'Baku or Okoye?
Battle of the Janitors: Gordy of J.K. Polk HS Vs. Glen Matthews of Sacred Heart Teaching Hospital: Who would win?
Who would win in a battle royale between the Evil Exes from Scott Pilgrim vs The World?
Who would win in a fight between Superman Prime and Galactus? Why?
Who would be the winner out of Tommy Gorilla and Whistle boy vs Superboy Prime, and why?
Who would win, Hulk vs World Breaker Hulk?
Who'd win, Amethyst vs Jake the Dog?
Who would win in a fight between a wolf and a bear?
Who would win, Confederates vs Boers?
What would happen if some ancient Greek philosophers fought each other Hunger Games style?
Would your country win the Emu War?
Who would win, Superman Vs Sugarless Gummy Bears?
If a trained fighter from today fought a fighter from the 1500's, who would win?
If Napoleon invaded Westeros and Essos from the world of "A Song of Ice and Fire", commanding his fleet and army at the height of their power, how long would it take for him to conquer both continents?
Who would win in a fight, Goku and Superman or Frieza and Darkseid?
Who would win, IW Iron Man and Dr Strange Vs JL Wonder Woman and Aquaman?
Everyone in 40k is now horribly crippled.
Who would win in a pitched battle between an imperial Roman Legion, and a similarly sized force of Zulu warriors?
If Greece were to invade FYROM, who would win? Which country has the superior military?
Is it possible that we will get to live during a Third World War in the next 30 years?
Who will win the gridiron battle between Notre Dame and Stanford in 2017?
Who would win in a war between Serbia and Albania without NATO intervention?
Who would win in a fight, an ostrich or a human?
Who would win in a fight, Astro Boy or Superman?
Who'd win, The S Class Heroes vs The Birdcage Leaders?
Sci-Fi mankind Rumble! Revised Edition.
In a battle between Ang Lee's Hulk and the MCU Hulk, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Wolverine or Baraka?
Who is the strongest force this team of Bucks can protect you from?
Buffy The Vampire Slayer and the gang vs. Sam and Dean Winchester
With only AR15 and AK47 semiautomatic rifles permitted, and fancy technology prohibited, who would win a battle in the African jungle between 200 US army infantry soldiers and 200 seasoned African guerilla fighters?
The Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy and the Defenders march on the jedi temple at the time of Attack of the clones. Palpatine, seeing the threat, reveals himself and he, Grievous, Dooku and a robotic Maul team up with the Jedi. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Goten and Deadpool?
Who'd win, Batman Vs Spider-Man?
Who would win, Batman 1 Million or Batman Who Laughs?
How did the Germans not win the Battle of Britain?
Who would win, Thought Robot Superman vs Elder God Demonbane?
How many coyotes would it take to kill a Salt Water Crocodile?
Who would win, The Italian stallion Rocky balboa vs the mountain that rides Gregor clegane in a boxing match?
Who would win, MCU Thanos with all Stones or Goku?
What would it take to invade and occupy Braavos?
Jesus Christs!
Who would win a battle between Konoha shinobi and CHB and Camp Jupiter demigods?
Who would win this fight: T-rex vs Wiesel I AWC?
Who is the weakest person who could take this guy on in a fight?
If a real world democratic nation conquered the Seven Kingdoms, what would be the most effective form of government to be imposed?
Pick a weapon/power from the list and then someone replies with a different weapon. You two fight!
Every character ever played by Samuel L Jackson in a fight.
Who would win a fight, the Hound or Khal Drogo?
Who would win in a fight between an Ent and a Troll?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and the Destroyer?
Is WW3 an inevitable reality?
Who would win in a fight between the two best swordsmen of Westeros: Ser Meryn Trant and the Hound?
One of every animal species on Earth is scaled to the exact same mass
Korath The Pursuer vs Logan
Who would be the victor out of SSJ4 Goku VS SSJ God Goku, and why?
Darth Maul vs. Yoda, who would win a fight?
How many Navy SEALS would it take to beat an unarmored Master Chief?
What would happen to bitcoin if WW3 broke out?
Who would win this match: Mike Tyson vs. an ant?
Who would win if the Lich King and C'thun fought in their prime?
Who would win this match: CANON Shrek and Donkey vs unarmed Batman, Hawkeye and Black Widow?
Who'd win, Albanian-born, Russian Gangster kidnaps Brian Mill's daughter and kills John Wicks dog in the process. Who get to him first?
Is there anyone on Quora battling ALS and winning the fight?
Who would win in a war between the Rashidun Caliphate and Caesar's Legion from Fallout: New Vegas?
Who would be the winner out of A miniature T-Rex vs an Adult African Lion, and why?
Do we need standardized characters for this sub?
Who would win, Armored Batman or Kryptonite Weakened Superman?
Shadow the Hedgehog VS Jak: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the victor out of The Doctor vs Super Sonic, Super Shadow, Tails, and Eggman, and why?
Who would win out of Maui has all of the power's and feats of his song "You're Welcome." Who's the strongest character of a universe of your choosing can he beat or stalemate, and why?
Who would win in an all out fight between India, China and the USA?
Who'd win, North Korea VS History?
If a bigger, richer and more powerful nation started bombing, killing and occupying the US, would US citizens resort to terrorism to fight back?
Who would win between the General or World War Hulk?
The Detroit Lions VS The Detroit Tigers: Who would win?
Who could beat the cast of Nichijou if we take gag feats as normal feats?
Boros vs Doomsday: Who would claim victory?
In the Mahabharatha, the elder brother gambles and bets his wife, also the same wife is shared between five brothers. Krishna cheats at the end of a war to win it. Still it is considered sacred. Why don't people just understand it is a stupid story?
Who would win this duel: Jamie Madrox/Multiple Man gets the SSS. He sends out 50 Dupes to train at everything related to martial prowess and combat for 1 year. Which team or individual character can he now 7/10 with 50 Dupes helping him in battle?
What characters in superhero movies with multiple heroes would be able to solo the entire movie or movie series if they had the powers of their comic book counterpart?
Who would win: MCU Scarlet Witch v MCU Dr. Strange?
Who would win an all out war between Denmark and New Zealand?
All of S-Class vs Orochi
Vash the stampede vs Koro-sensei: Who would come out on top?
Who would win, Tai Lung vs. Lung?
What if Depowered Thor from MCU got the Omnitrix after failing to get the hammer back?
Naruto and Sasuke vs Lord Boros: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, Space Jam's Tune Squad with special water vs. 5 Lebron Jameses?
Who would win this brawl: Average Human Male with aluminum baseball bat vs Bloodlusted Brock Lesnar?
Who would win a hypothetical battle between lumpy evil and pointy evil?
Who would win, Justice League vs Darkseid?
Who would win, Superman vs Jiren?
Who is the strongest character Super Saiyan 4 Homer Simpson can defeat?
What if ultra-advanced extraterrestrials are invading Earth, and humanity has absolutely no way to win? Do you team up with them or do you fight till death?
In WW2, why were British carriers built with armored flight deck as opposed to wooden flight deck like on Japanese and American carriers?
Who would win if there were a technological war between Quorans, redditors, Facebookers, Google+ users, and Qzoners? Why?
Who would win, KaioKen SSB Vegito vs Lord Beerus?
Who'd win, Dr. Doom vs. Dr. Manhattan at being an actual doctor?
Who would win this battle: A hitman is coming after you. You can't kill him, and he'll only stop after 1 year of not being able to kill you. How do you survive the year?
Who would win in a battle between a ninja and a gladiator?
The United Kingdom has decided Brexit is the perfect chance to join the US, unfortunately there aren't any vacancies for new states. Which states could the UK conquer to usurp their place?
If scientists in each field formed factions and declared war on each other, who would win? If everyone dies, is the 'winner' the team that does the most damage?
Could a team of Colossus, the Thing, the Rhino, Luke Cage, and Bane beat the Hulk?
How was it possible for the Athenians to win the battle near Marathon?
Rhino with Skill runs a Gauntlet
Who would win, 100 Lions infected with "The Thing" life-form vs. 99 Jurassic Park raptors and 1 T-Rex all in xenomorph form ?
What one horse race should be regarded as the most important in the world to win?
Who would win this brawl: Heisenberg vs. Omar?
Who would win in a fight, Yoshi or Indominus Rex, and why?
Who can Defeat a 20XX Fox?
Who would win this fight: The four cast-clans of television have gone to war: Michael Scott's office , Lesley Knope's department, The gang from the Philadelphia bar , and Michael Bluth's family?
Who would win in a war between India and Pakistan, against Germany, France and the United Kingdom? Why?
WHO SHOULD WIN! SUPERMAN VS GOKU!
If the Cold War had gone “hot” in 1950, how might such a war have been fought? What would the fighting look like for the average soldier on either side?
Which would win, a male brown bear or a male Barbary lion?
Who would win in a war between Romania and Hungary?
Who would win in a fight between Deadpool vs The Punisher?
All the tears you have shed are personified and are out to get you for letting them loose. They pack a punch, but have the durability of water. Could you beat them all?
Who would win, MCU Ego or Dormammu?
"Skulls" Parasite Unit vs Master Chief
Who'd win, Ghost Rider vs Magneto?
Who would win, Noro vs Ruby Rose?
Military Technology: How does the F-22 compare to the Sukhoi Su-27?
Who would win in a fight between a monkey and a dog?
Who'd win, Mr. Freeze vs. Doc Ock?
In a write-off to describe the most delicious sounding meal, GRRM vs. Brain Jacques.
Some say India is in World War III is like a chewing gum for the enemies, is it true?
Which Hero from the DC and Marvel Universe would make the best President of the United States, and why?
Who would win in a war between the USA and Canada vs China and Mexico?
Who would win, Battle of the Bodyguards, Noghri vs Aiel?
What is the fewest number of countries required to defeat USA in war.
If there was a war between Nepal and an Independent Tibet, who would win?
Who would win in a singles combat between a Medieval Knight and a Viking?
All force users vs all Q
Who would win in a fight between Captain Marvel vs Ant-Man?
Final Fantasy vs X-Men vs Fairy Tail vs RWBY vs Teen Titans, who would win in a battle to death and why?
Who would win, The Iron Bull is turned into a cyborg on-par with Raiden . His reaver abilities are integrated as key components to his fighting style and sustainability in combat. Strongest opponent he can defeat? Weakest opponent he cant win against?
How do physics or physicists explain the destruction of the Twin Towers and Building 7 on 9/11?
Who would win, Tadaomi Karasuma VS "Sleepy" John Estes?
Who would win: a hippopotamus vs a gorilla?
Who would win in a fight between DC's Lois Lane and Marvel's Mary Jane Watson?
Why is it so difficult for Superman to win a rap battle?
Thanos vs Ego, who would win?
Can Lucy keep Rhino from scoring a field goal?
Who would win in a fight between shaktimaan and thor?
Who would win a fight between Moondragon and Captain America from the Marvel comics?
Who would win in a fight a silverback gorilla or a polar bear?
Who would win in a fight, Lapis Lazuli or Piccolo?
Who is the weakest character that can 6/10 Kratos from god of war
Who would win in a fight between a Gilbertese/Kiribati warrior and a Maori warrior?
Who would win a war between Indonesia and India, if they were neighbors?
Who would win in a battle to the death, King Kong, The Abominable Snowman, or Bigfoot?
Who would win a war between Canada and the U.S?
Who would win, Saitama vs. Thanos?
Who would win in a fight between Mario Lopez and LL. Cool J?
Who would win this combat: Margret Thatcher vs Angela Merkel in a bar fight?
In a team battle who would win: Hulk, Thor, Wolverine, and Venom vs Superman, Shazam, Bane, and Deathstroke?
Who would win in a battle between Darth Sidious and Thanos?
Who is the weakest Jewish or Romani character that could solo Nazi Germany?
If two people who are the best in the world at taekwondo and Krav maga, respectively, fought each other, who would win?
Supper Smash Bros Custom
Featured Team: The Light Warriors
Who'd win, Phineas and Ferb are given a 100 billion dollar budget and 24 hours to prepare. Who or what is the strongest thing they can defeat, and how do they do it?
Who would win, Ant-Man as a Giant Man or Iron Man’s Mark 1?
You assume the role of Sauron right before the War of the Ring starts. What do you do in order to ensure victory? Who would win?
Who would win this match: Goku vs Superman with a twist?
Who would claim victory out of Kirby inhales the Titan Thanos and gains all of his powers as well as a killer jaw line. Who is the weakest character that can kill Thirby/Kirbos, and why?
Who'd win, The Angry Beavers with red and indigo rings vs Angelica Pickles and Susie Carmichael with yellow and violet rings?
What would WW3 look like if the USA declared war on Russia?
Who is the strongest character Saitama can defeat with a single punch?
Who'd win, Nagato with his Six Paths of Pain vs The Incredible Hulk?
In a one on one battle between the battleships Bismark and Yamato which would most likely win?
Who'd win, Fifteen Apples of multiple varieties VS Thirty seven green Grapes riding Bananas like War Elephants?
Who would win, Majin Buu vs Superman?
How can I win the Religious war in EU4 as the Protestant league in Italy? My allies include Russia, Poland, Sweden and a whole lot of HRE states against the Spanish emperor, Austria, Ottomans, France, and Hungary?
Could the US disable North Korea's military before it could start shelling South Korea?
What children's show characters could survive Five Nights at Freddy's?
Who would win in a fight between Dio Brando from Jojo's Bizarre Adventure vs. Mitty from Made in Abyss
How would a melee world war look like and who would win?
Had the Spanish American War never occurred, who would win in a war between Spain and Ottoman?
Off Topic Questions and Discussions: Television & Movies 6/26/15
If Walter Mondale entered the presidential race on September 1st 2016, what chance of winning would he have?
Who would win between a snake and a bird?
Who would have the edge out of 42 Cambodian Midget Fighting Leaque little people vs an African adult male lion, and why?
Who can beat Silver Surfer in a fight to the death?
Who'd win, A shield that can't be pierced by any sword VS. A sword that can pierce any Shield?
If YouTube and Quora had a war, who would win?
Who would win in a fight, a silver back gorilla or a polar bear?
Who is the strongest character that Superman and Wonder Woman's child can defeat?
In what universe could Pinkie and the Brain successfully take over the world?
Who would win in a war between the U.S backed by NATO and the EU, India vs The Chinese communist Party, Russia, Syria, Pakistan, and North Korea?
If there was a race between Rafael Nadal and Cristiano Ronaldo, who would win?
Can Dormammu take on Galactus?
How many UNSC Spartans would it take to kill single a 40k Custode in melee combat?
Who would win this war: Shrek vs Black Panther?
Who would be victorious out of 10 Gorillas vs 1 African Elephant, and why?
Can Domino defeat Thanos?
Toad and Blob VS Scorpion and Rhino: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Godzilla or Saitama?
What could the US military do with shotguns in the near future?
How the hell can the Pawnee Parks and Recreation department turn North Korea into a functioning democracy?
Teddy Roosevelt with an Elephant Gun vs. Chuck Norris with a stick. Who would win?
What if Russia was a fascist country and Germany was a communist country during World War 2?
Who would win, Zazan or Feitan Portor?
Walter White vs Littlefinger: Who would be the champion?
Who would win, 2nd Form Frieza or Piccolo?
Who would be victorious out of Composite you vs. a grey wolf, and why?
Broly Vs Darkseid: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this duel: Fletcher Class Destroyer vs 5 Megalodon Sharks?
Who would win in a fight between Genghis Khan and Alexander the Great?
Who would win, Senator Armstrong Vs. Endosym Iron Man?
Who would win 100 centillion grown men without weapons or godzilla?
Who would win, One Punch Man VS Superman?
Spider-Man Visits Jurassic World
Who would win, 5 Piccolo with Special Beam Canon or the Frost Final Form?
In a hypothetical unicorn and dragon fight, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between the Star Wars Universe, and the Halo Universe?
How would a hypothetical reinvasion of the Chinese mainland by nationalist forces led by Chiang Kai Shek pan out?
What is the smallest animal that would consistently defeat the average human male in a fight to the death?
If 10 Navy SEALs with "RIA Trident" Assault Rifles from SAS 4 fought the entire German Army from WWII, who would win?
Who would win a knife fight between a Spartan, an Apache warrior, a ninja, a police officer, a Swiss mercenary, an IJA soldier, & a SpecOps commando?
Strongest two chimps handcuffed together could take?
Who is going to win between Us and the Universe?
Who are the smartest people in the Marvel Universe?
Who would win a battle between the Balrog and the Nazgul?
In a hypothetical situation, who will win the war between Vanar sena from Ramayana and Kaurav sena from Mahabharata?
Who would win, The Nazis vs. North Korea?
Which character or team can take the Emu War?
Who would win in a fight, Yoda or Luigi?
Who would win, The meanest domestic house cat you have ever seen vs a standard sized rabid fox?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win: Robert Baratheon in his prime or Strong Belwas?
Who would have the edge out of Knights vs Navy SEALS, and why?
Übermensch runs a gauntlet
Who would win, North Korea vs ISIS?
Who would win, The Mountain vs this Alpha Male Kangaroo?
Who would win in a battle between Vegeta and Darth Vader?
Who would win this combat: Ming-Hua vs. Doctor Octopus?
Who would win in a race between Zenyatta, an F-22 fighter jet, a peregrine falcon, and a Japanese bullet train?
Who would win, 3 hippos vs a rhino?
Would Germany be able to build powerful tanks to fight America, should WW3 start?
If Pakistan attacks India, who would win?
In a fight, who would win, Flash or Deadshot?
How many Diego are needed to defeat 1 Diego Brando ?
How strong would Kale be if she was taught by Vados on God Ki?
Can Manchester United win the FA Cup Finals 2018 versus Chelsea?
Who'd win, William Shakespeare vs Vincent Van Gogh?
Who would win in a war alliance between the Mayans and Aztecs vs the Roman Empire?
What is the difference between Air force TACP's and Combat Controllers?
King Shark VS. Killer Croc
Between a Bajaj Dominar 400 and a Yamaha WR250X Supermoto, which bike would win a 400-meter race?
Rule Update: The Final Decision on Joke Posts
Who would win, the Mongul or the Superman Post-Crisis?
How would IW be different if Starlord could use his celestial powers?
Who would win this duel: Thor vs. Storm vs. Electro?
What do you think WWIII will be about? How much time before it starts, and who going to be fighting in the war?
Can Wolverine be turned into a Vampire?
Who would win an unarmed fight between a U.S. Marine and a black belt karate practitioner?
Who would win this punch-up: Barbary lion and Asiatic lion vs Polar bear and Kodiak bear?
Who would win, Kanye West's love for himself versus any other love in the universe?
How can Ant Man destroy Galactus?
Why do people want the last word in a fight?
Who'd win in fight between All Might 100℅ and Ultra Instinct Goku?
Who would win in a fight between Cable and Iron Man?
Who would win a 400m race between Usain Bolt and David Rudisha?
Who would win, a silverback gorilla or an unarmed but armored knight?
Swimming: If Michael Phelps were to race with a crocodile of similar size over a distance of say a 100m, who would win? Would it even be a close contest?
Who would win in a battle between Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson and a wolf?
Villains of Star Wars versus Heroes of Star Trek, who would win?
Who would win this punch-up: Luigi vs my friend Patrick?
If North Korea and South Korea were to resume the Korean War today and the rest of the world stepped back and let the two duke it out alone, who would come out on top and why?
Who would win, A pack of wolves vs a lion family?
What is the difference in combat between a warrior and a barbarian?
Who would win this match: 5 grown men with bats, and a pack of 5 grey wolves?
Galactus and his heralds invade our modern Earth. The gods have mercy, however, and grant every Actor/Actress alive the powers of their strongest character but no experience. Does Galactus take his prize: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight to the death, a polar bear vs 20 huskies?
Every time you kill someone you take their strength and durability. Would the world be able to stop you?
Who'd win, The Nine Classes from Team Fortress 2 take the place of the Nine Ring Wraiths from Lord of the Rings. Can the TF2 gang stop the fellowship and take the ring?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Velociraptor vs Silverback Gorilla, and why?
Who would claim victory out of Ryūko Matoi Vs. Kid Goku, and why?
Who would win a fight between the Hulk and Thanos?
Who would win in a fight, Skeleton Barbossa, Davy Jones or Captain Salazar?
Ladybug and Cat/Chat Noir vs. Sonic and Diablon: Who would win?
Who would be the victor out of Bruce Lee VS. A Kangaroo, and why?
Because I'm watching jaws in school, a shark themed fight
Which superhero/villain do you feel the most sorry for?
Who would win this match: Cat vs. Rooster?
20 Clifford the Big Red Dogs vs Wolverine on Venom: Who would have the edge?
Airbending Battle: Goku vs. Aang
Who'd win, The guy downvoting Roflmoo vs Siddhārtha Gautama?
Who would win this duel: Lincoln vs Lincoln vs Lincoln?
Who would win this war: YoRHa VS The CIS?
Who has a bigger ego, Kanye West or your average Texan
Who'd win, The Rock vs The Rock?
Who would win this battle: Naruto Vs Ken Kaneki?
North Korea is sent back to WW2 by a botched cloaking experiment by its Navy. Can they defend against the combined might of the Japanese, Chinese and Russian militaries: Who would win?
Who would win this war: 1,000 Bloodlusted Piranhas versus 5 Bloodlusted Great White Sharks?
What would happen if the whole world declared war on China?
Who would win this fight: The Grid from TRON vs The Mainframe from ReBoot?
Will Tiger Woods even win another major?
Who would win in a fight: Doomsday or Broly?
Who would win this match: Electro vs Sunfire?
Who would be the champion out of One Punch Man VS Goku, and why?
Who would win in a fight in shallow water, a bear or a shark?
Who could win in a straight up sword fight between Adult Sasuke vs Kenshin?
Who would win in a fight between Chun-Li and Black Widow?
Who would win in a war between the USA + the UK vs New Swabia + Continental Europe?
Who would win in a straight 15 mile race? A lion or a human?
31 polar bears VS 1 dragon: Who would win?
Who'd win, Donald's America vs. Hillary's America?
You must fight a golem made of the worst meal you have ever had the misfortune to consume. How do you fare? Who would win?
Who would win this match: Bram Stokers Dracula vs Sparkles the wonder Vampire?
Who would win this brawl: The Angry Video Game Nerd Vs. PewDiePie?
Who'd win, Han Solo vs. Frank Booth?
Who'd win, Predator versus 200 I am Legend Vampires?
The Great Debate Season 5 Sign-Ups!!
Who would win in a hand-to-hand, brutal fight to the death, 300 Spartans vs. 150 Chechen Kadyrovites and 150 Russian Airborne Troops?
King Shark VS She-Hulk
Who would win if all the language families and its subgroups went to war with each other?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Suki?
Who would win in a battle between Eragon, the Hulk, Gandalf, and Yoda?
How big of a gorilla could your favorite character Defeat?
Dr. Strange vs Shadow King: Who would be the winner?
Who'd win, Garou takes his hero hunt to the multiverse and travels to the DC/Marvel universes; How far can he get?
Who would win in an all-out fight between Marvel's Galactus and DC's The Anti-Monitor?
Manny Pacquiao in a boxing match against the penis of a blue whale
Ryu vs Armless Tiger Man: Who would come out on top?
Who would be victorious out of Son Goku VS D, and why?
Who would win in a fight between 1939 Germany and 1945 Germany?
What is a manticore? How do you defeat one?
300 Spartans vs 10 man squad of Navy Seals: Who would come out on top?
Who'd win, Goat versus Can?
Can a Megalodon take on a blue whale?
Who would win, Great White Shark vs. Silverback Gorilla?
Who could truly wield this list of mythical weapons, powers, and tools?
How was Harshabardhan defeated?
You vs. 1500 pounds of ants Who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Theokoles vs The Mountain, and why?
Who would win, Assault Carrier vs Flood?
A marvel character and a dc caracter of your choice fuse in order to stop flashhulk, who would win
What's the possibility of a World War 3 in 2018?
Who would win in a race between Flash, Quicksilver, Sonic, Superman, and Goku?
Who/what is the strongest thing that Little Mac can take down in a boxing match?
The Characters of Infinity War run a DCEU Gauntlet
50,000 Samurai and 50,000 Celtic Warriors meet in a dense jungle, who would win?
Mike Tyson receives world-class MMA training instead of Boxing training from the age of 13. Who can he beat in the octagon today? Historically?
If a male Nile crocodile and male saltwater crocodile of average size and fully grown fought which would win?
Who would win in a fight, Eragon or Percy Jackson?
Who would win in a battle between Neo and a Jedi?
What would be the scenario if DPRK starts WW3 by launching a missile on Japan?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Captain America vs The Last Dragonborn, and why?
Using only equipment and abilities they had available to them in their times, how many of the Presidents could the Assassin's Creed protagonists assassinate?
Spotted Hyenas vs Australia
Who would win, 10,000 Cats vs. 10,000 Dogs in a National Park?
Who would win, Warframe vs Spartan?
At the height of the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, a bolt of lightning strikes, and a lone Terminator emerges and starts rampaging.
If a war would occur soon between Israel and Iran, who would win if there will be no use of any nuclear weapons?
If all the different families of the animal kingdom had human-level intelligence and fought, who would win?
Who would win, Adult Link or Geralt Read for details?
Who is the strongest Star Wars character that Fox McCloud could beat?
Who would win in a fight between Scott Lang’s Ant-Man and The Atom?
Who would win, the father vs kaguya?
Who would win in a fist fight between Chris Pine and Channing Tatum?
Who would win in a battle between a wolf and monkey with similar size?
Can a human in his prime, armed with thick clothing and knuckledusters beat a 180lbs mini T. Rex the size of a Malayan sun bear?
Your favorite fast character gets Speedforce powers, how much faster and more powerful are they and who could they beat that they couldn't before?
Who would win a war between Saudi Arabia and India?
If Jackson Storm, the main villain/antagonist of Cars 3, had won the race instead of Cruz winning, what would have been the fate of all the race cars around the world?
Who would win in a fight between Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark?
A 6'2 Navy Seal VS connor McGregor: Who would win?
Who would be the champion out of Count Dracula vs Count Orlok, and why?
Who would claim victory out of Wonder Woman Vs Thor, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Kakashi and Minato, both in their prime?
Who would win a hypothetical fight between Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson?
Who would win, Jackie Chan vs Gangryong Ma?
By 1865, would there have been any possible way for the Confederate States to win the Civil War?
Superman Vs. Kratos: Who would claim victory?
Will WW3 happen due to events happening around the world?
How many Minions would it take to defeat Wonder Woman ?
Who would win in a fight, Iron Man or Kirby?
Who would win, Me Vs You?
Who's the bigger Psychopath?
Who would win in a fight between Eragon and Murtagh including dragons?
Who would win in a fight, Vegeta or Luigi? Why?
Who would win in a battle between a giant panda and a black bear?
Monica Rambeau and Blue Marvel VS Corvus Glaive and Proxima Midnight Which power couple wins: Who would win?
Who would win this war: NFL Running Back Arian Foster vs. a wolf?
Who would win this battle: Weakest character that can replace the 300 Spartans at Thermopylae and beat the Persian Invaders?
An atheist with a smartphone vs. a newborn Black Court vampire
Who would win in a death battle, Dr. Strange or Thor?
Who'd win in a fight- Inferior Five or the West Coast Avengers?
Who would win in a war between PRC China and a Southeast Asian alliance?
Who would win in a fight between the Daedric princes; Hircine, Malacath, Mehrunes Dagon and Molog Bal?
Who would win if Lord Voldemort and Lord Vile fought each other? No horcruxes or the "death bubble" ability during the battle.
Who's the strongest Vampire in fiction?
Who'd win, Crab with knife VS Bird with knife?
Who would win, The Bat Family vs Team Avatar?
Batman vs Batman: Who would be the winner?
Spider-man Rogues Tournament
You with Minecraft powers vs Westeros Who would win?
Who Would Win this battle of comic heroes and villains with powers as decided by a three year old
Who would win in a death battle between Revy and Red Hood?
Who would win in a war between Galapagos Islands and Antarctica?
You put too much passion into your caroling and actually got a hippo for Christmas. Can you get it out of your house? Who would win?
What are the chances of WW3 happening, with the current state of international affairs and geopolitics?
Who would be victorious out of One Punch Man vs One Piece: No Saitama edition, and why?
This deserves its own thread: California vs. the Upper Colorado River Basin States to secure their water sources
Who would win, Hisoka or Silva Zoldyck?
If there was a war in the United States, what significance would Chicago hold?
What war was Iran fighting between 1926-30 timeframe?
Who would win a war between Israel and the Muslim countries?
Who would win, The Jaffa vs the Klingons?
Who would win this duel: Superman vs Superman. Bear with me?
Who'd win, Superior Armor Iron Man VS Hell Bat Batman?
What is the strongest DB of DBZ character which a prime Bruce Lee could possibly defeat in a tournament?
8 really angry cats vs. one really annoyed honey badger: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this punch-up: Muhammad Ali vs. Wayne Gretzky in a boxing match. Fight takes place on an ice rink, wearing skates?
Assume that the EU launch a full scale invasion on Russia using their full military might, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between a Silverback Gorilla and a Lion?
Can Judy Hopps make it through all three Kung Fu Panda movies?
Who would win, Dwight Shrute vs black bear?
Who would win a match between Bobby Fischer and Magnus Carlsen?
Who would win in a battle between Mistborn Vin , and Percy Jackson?
A Silverback Gorilla runs a Raptor Gauntlet.
In the MCU, who would win in a fight between Loki and Vision?
Can Spider-Man's Spider-Sense help him against Contessa?
Who would win in a battle between a wolf and a mandrill?
Are China and the United States of America moving toward a new kind of cold war?
Land animals
What would follow in the immediate/distant future if the United States launched all of its nuclear weapons simultaneously, with H/NEMPs arranged in a way to cover the totality of Earth, and all other detonations being cities and infrastructure?
Who would win in an battle between the army of Alexander the Great against the Golden Horde, both at their respective zeniths of power?
If Syria started a war with Israel, who would win?
Courage the Cowardly Dog and Thor vs Vilgax
Who'd win, US women's national soccer team vs U-15 boys?
Who'd win, Iron Man vs Black Panther INFINITY WAR SPOILERS?
In a battle between Raiden from Metal Gear Rising and Genji from Overwatch, who do you think would win, and why?
Orochi vs Orochimaru: Who would be the winner?
Who would win in a fight, Sasuke or Esdeath?
Who would win out of 3 Predators vs the Bat Family, and why?
Who will win in a fight between a janissary and a samurai?
Solid Snake is tasked with assassinating the Super Smash Bros. roster
Which is more important to you: how authentic your martial art is or its effectiveness in a fight?
In a post apocalyptic Boston and Cambridge, who would win in a three way battle between MIT, Harvard and the local populace?
OK, I thought it would be funny if you guys looked up "Guardian of the Cave of Caerbannog", but I guess nobody did it. Worf the Klingon vs the killer rabbit from Monty Python's Holy Grail.
The cast of "Jackass" faces off against the current cast of "Saturday Night Live" in a fight to the death. Who wins?
Who would win in an MMA fight between Ivan Tregear and Dylan MacIntyre?
Who would win out of Tiger Shark vs a Saltwater Crocodile, and why?
Who'd win, Space Marine Dream Team vs The Ladder of War?
Who would be the victor out of Krillin vs Crocodile, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Bloodlusted Thor or Superboy Prime?
Who would win in a fight between a capuchin monkey and a gibbon?
Master Chief vs. Gordon Ramsay on MasterChef: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in the conflict between armies led by Khalid Ibn Al-Walid and Alexander The Great?
Does light wins the race between light and sound?
Who would win a free for all drinking contest between Tyrion Lannister, Sterling Archer, Randy Marsh, and Jim Lahey
What is the largest animal, alive or dead, an average adult human being could choke to death with their bare hands?
How many Team Fortress 2 teams does the US Army need to deploy to win the Korean War?
You vs. The historical figure of your choice. Who would win?
She-Hulk learns the Kaioken,Rasengan and Shadow clone justu: Who would come out on top?
If America were invaded, would we ever use insurgent style tactics to defend ourselves?
Who is the strongest character a mortal Muhammad Ali could beat in straight up boxing?
Did Robert E. Lee ever regret fighting for the South?
How do I get my girlfriend to stop talking to a girl who is not really her friend and starts fights between us?
Is there a way to calculate the odds of a horse for not winning or for not finishing in the money in a given race, where the odds on all entrants are known?
A wizard creates a pack of "Action Movie Golems" to rid the US of crime.
Who would win a war between Mongolia and Cuba? Why?
What are some of Alexander the great's military tactics?
The global sea level starts rising at one foot per hour, until all land on Earth is covered in water. Can humanity survive?
Who would win, Deathstroke vs Deadpool?
Who would win, The Empire or the Clone War Era Republic?
Who would win a war between the Kree and the Titanians?
Given the imminent reality of WW3 erupting, should we even care about our future anymore?
Who would win out of Superman vs Goku, and why?
Who'd win, Silverback Gorilla vs. African Lion?
Who is the strongest person that could beat papyrus in a cooking contest based off the powers he has in his navy seal copypasta?
Who would win in a war between Germany and India?
Who'd win, Bear Grylls vs Grilled Bear?
Who would win in a fight between Venom and Thanos?
Which one will win an aerial combat between the French Omnirole 4.5 Gen Rafale and the Chinese Multirole 4+++ Gen J-20 and why?
Who would win a fight between Conor Mcgregor and Tony Ferguson?
Weakest vampire slayer that can solo Twilight-verse vampire race?
Who would win in a war between Slovenia and Austria?
Caucasian Shepherd vs Grey Wolf: Who wins?
Who would win in a conventional war between China, Pakistan, and Afghanistan?
Who would win, North Korea has augmented all of its soldiers with stolen super soldier serum. Can they breach the DMZ with the US army and South Korean Army garrisoned?
Who would win this punch-up: Polar Bear vs Saltwater Crocodile?
Who'd win, Hellboy versus Imhotep?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Vision?
Why did the Japanese Army collapse so quickly in August 1945 when Soviet forces attacked in Manchuria?
Who would win, Nicholas Cage vs. Kim Jong Un Deity of True Korea?
Tony Stark vs Nathan Drake in a boxing match: Who would claim victory?
How far could Shiki get in the One Punch Man universe?
How could today's Germany defeat India?
A thousand Brock Lesnars riding African elephants over the Alps vs Rome: Who would win?
Who wins in a fight between Red Hood and Damian Wayne in the current continuity?
Who'd win, Mark McGuire and Barry Bonds vs. a Spanish Fighting Bull?
What is the minimum number of wolves needed to take down a full pride of lions?
If China, the USA, Russia, and a united EU fought in a every-man-for-themself war, who would/could win?
Who would win in a battle between a Xenomorph and Nemesis T-Type from Resident Evil 3?
Who is truthfully a better MMA fighter, Cris Cyborg or Ronda Rousey?
Punisher with Carnage symbiote runs the gauntlet
Is Germany going to be in WW3?
In Halo: Reach, could there have been a better strategic way for the UNSC to win in a tip of the spear?
Who'd win, Claire Stanfield vs. Buffy Summers?
Who would win in a battle between Kratos and Thor, and why?
Who would win, Siberian Tiger and Polar Bear vs. Saltwater Crocodile and Green Anaconda?
In a huge Royal Rumble between every land animal and amphibian, who would win?
Who would win, Yoda or Darth Tyranus?
Batman visits the Fire Nation capital. He then discovers an old man playing Pai Sho. He decides to join him because he thinks he is the master of strategy games.Could Batman beat Uncle Iroh in a game of Pai Sho?
What are some biggest fights between India-Pakistan during the match? Is it really a fun to watch these fights between them?
Who would win, heavily suppressed U10 God of Destruction or Gowasu?
Captain America vs Hawkeye? How long would the MCU fight last?
Between a Leman Russ Demolisher Tank and an M1A2 Tank, which is superior, and which would would win in a battle?
Is there any drone-related competition in NIT Rourkela? I made a project on the application of drones, not drone-racing, rather their applications. So is there any platform or competition in Innovision to showcase this and win prizes?
Who'd win, Leatherface, Jason Vorhees, and Mike Myers are on a boat Just off of Amity Island. They must kill the shark from JAWS. What happens?
Who would win in a battle between Vishnu and Thanos?
Who would win a war between Tuvalu and San Marino?
Who'd win, Bruce Wayne VS Tony Stark?
Is it correct that Newsweek magazine printed & shipped an issue declaring & congratulating Hillary Clinton on her win in the race for US Presidency?
Who is going to win the telephony war in Mexico between Telcel and TV broadcasters?
Who would win, The Fellowship of the Ring vs. a Tiger tank?
Who would come out on top out of Harambe and all the gorillas left in the world vs The United States, and why?
Who would win in a war between Vietnam and Japan?
Who would win this fight: A t-rex vs a guy armed with a chainsaw?
Who would win, Ellie Vs. Lara Croft?
Who would win in a fight, Blue Beetle or Aang?
Who will win in a war between Bosnia and Serbia without interference from other nations?
Who will win a fight, a Siberian tiger or a jaguar?
Every cat in the world is suddenly bloodlusted. Can we survive?
Who'd win, Elastigirl vs Reed Richards with brain damage?
Who would win, Darth Vader or Master Chief?
Who would win, Incredibles vs Big Hero 6?
Oi! New subscriber here! How many Mizukage Sharingan water clones would it take to beat VFCHOMEM?
Who would win, Ultra Instinct Goku vs Super Saiyan Blue Vegito?
Who would win an all out war between India and China, with no allies on either side?
Who would win, A Lion given the Captain American treatment Vs. A Tiger given the Spartan II treatment?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Inspector Gadget along with Penny and Brain arrive on the Death Star two hours before the destruction of Alderaan. Can they effectively disable the Death Star before it fires on the planet, and why?
Who would win in a war, the American Samoa or the Northern Mariana Islands?
Who is the greatest MotherF***ing T-REX?
Who would have the edge out of Great White vs Saltwater Crocodile, and why?
You vs Bruce Lee in a fight
Who is the weakest character that can beat this Tiger?
Who would win in a fight between Wolverine and Freddy Krueger and why?
In a battle between God, Allah, and Zeus, who wins?
Lord Voldemort & his army invade the *Executor* can the crew defeat him?
Can Venom take over Odin?
At this point, can a new player enter the space race and then win it?
Who would win in a fight, a wasp or a spider?
Who would win in a fight, Robin, Cyborg, Starfire, Beast Boy or Raven?
Guts vs Gregor Clegane: Who would have the edge?
Does Singapore have a better navy than India? Who would win if both navies fought in the Pacific Ocean or near the Strait of Malacca or Indian Ocean?
Can Mantis defeat Gregory ?
Who'd win, Daredevil vs Wolverine?
Kiryu from yakuza vs Wei shen from sleeping dogs: Who would be victorious?
Who'd win, Barack Obama vs Dinkleberg?
Who would win, Solid Snake vs Batman?
Who would win, Balthazar Blake or Dr. Strange?
Who'd win, Goku learns Shadow Clone Jutsu does it change Z and Super?
Who would win in All Might versus UVO?
Your favourite character downs two cans of POWERTHIRST then runs a gauntlet.
Your favorite pokemon runs a superhero gauntlet.
Who would win, Itachi Uchiha vs Qrow Branwin?
Who would win in a fight, Zuko or Charizard?
Kenpachi Zaraki VS Zebra: Who would come out on top?
Help me settle a Batman vs every superhero debate please!
Who'd win, Krieger vs. Creed?
Who will win a fight between Captain America and The Undertaker?
Who would win this brawl: Everyone in the world has became cavemen VS ISIS and North Korea?
Who would win in a fight between 150 Los Angeles thugs vs. 10,000 Zulu warriors?
Who would win in a war between the Roman Republic and the Western Roman Empire at their heights?
Who would win, Henry Cavill, Hugh Jackman, and Christian Bale vs. The Rock?
Who would win in a fight: the Beyonder or Franklin Richards?
In a hypothetical fight between an armed Roran Stronghammer while Katrina is in danger versus an armed Samwise when Frodo is in danger, who would win?
Who would claim victory out of Worldbreaker Hulk vs The God Emperor of Man-Kind, and why?
Who would win, Goku vs. Eternity in a boxing match?
Who'd win, Toriko and Zebra show up to face the Z-Fighters instead of Vegeta and Nappa. Can the Z-Fighters win?
If America were to break out into a civil war between Liberals and Conservatives who would win?
Who would win out of The Punisher with the venom symbiote and the intelligent virus vs. Deadpool with the carnage symbiote, and why?
Who'd win, Tiger vs man with spear/spear+hoplon?
Who would win, all American cops vs all American gang members?
What is world war 3 and it's effects?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Kimbo Slice vs full grown kangaroo, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Storm or Iron Man?
Who would win this war: Danzig and Soulja Boy vs. Henry Rollins and Lil B?
Can Master Shifu teach Retsuko enough Kung Fu to defeat Tai Lung?
Who would win, Eric in Titan Form or Liberty Prime?
Who'd win, George R.R. Martin vs H.P. Lovecraft vs J.R.R. Tolkien vs Edgar Allen Poe vs J.K Rowling Battle Royale?
Who would win in a fight, Sakura or Wonder Women?
Who would win in a battle between Fortnite and Playerunknown’s Battlegrounds?
If a battle between the strategies and tactics of Sun Tzu, Saladin, Belisarius, Zhuge Liang, Alexander, and Chanakya were to be arranged, who would most likely win?
Who would win, one man vs one zombie?
Who would win a 4-person race general election between Clinton, Sanders, Trump, and Bloomberg?
Participation Trophy for February 2018 Week 3
Who will win in the war between Togo and Nepal?
Who would win this war: A 10.000 year old Elf VS. a 10.000 year vampire?
Triforce Ganondorf vs. the Marvel Universe: Who would be victorious?
What would win in an encounter between a Xenomorph from the Alien series and the Silicon based creature Horta from the Star Trek universe?
What should a parent do if their child is in a fight?
Who will win a battle between Vanar Raj Bali and Kartavirya Arjuna?
Who would win, Goten vs Trunks?
Who would win in a fight, Rayquaza or Godzilla?
Who would win in a war between Indonesia and Laos?
Who'd win, Ron Swanson vs. Jack Donaghy?
What was your largest amphibious invasion in Civilization 5?
Who would win in a battle between Black Panther and Genji, in Hanamura?
In Game of Thrones , who would win in a fight between Jon Snow and The Mountain?
In a one on one battle between the battleships USS Texas and Yamato which would be most likely to win?All that stands between the west coast and Yamato is the Texas and both vessels are in their 1944 design.
Who would win, Licenseless Rider gets a Green Lantern ring and runs a gauntlet?
Who would win, Carnage with his host or Venom with Eddie as the host?
Who would win in a street fight between Mike Tyson in his prime and Floyd Mayweather?
Who would win in a rematch, Vision or Corvus Glaive?
Who would win in a fight, Hisoka or Illumi? Why?
Who would win in a battle between a combat assault tank commander or a Shoretrooper - both from "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story"?
Who'd win, 2 eagles vs a panther?
Who'd win, WhoWouldWin Classic - Gambit vs Nightcrawler - Round 3?
How the hell can North Korea successfully take over the world?
With the benefit of hindsight, should America have invaded Iraq in 2003? Why or why not?
Who would win, Dr. Ellie Sattler Vs. Dr. Jo Harding are representing dinosaurs and tornadoes respectively on many battlefields. Who reigns supreme as blonde non-medical doctor from mid 90s action blockbusters that look almost identical?
Ye Greene Knyght vs. the Fenris Wolf: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Batman or Kid Naruto?
Can Rune King Thor defeat Immortal Hulk?
Higher Vampire vs Lord Harkon
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for February 21, 2016
Polar Bear vs. Bull Moose: Who would claim victory?
Who would win this war: Kratos vs Raiden?
Who is smarter? Superman or Batman? Who would win in a fight to the death?
Who would win between MCU Thor Vs Fox’s Apocalypse?
Who would win, Saitama vs Sonic the Hedgehog?
Who would win in a fight between a leopard and a mountain lion?
How can a collectivist society’s collectivism be used against it?
Who would win in a fight between Jason Voorhees and Terminator?
what would make doomslayer more powerful, a red lantern ring or a green lanter ring
Who would win this punch-up: Stereotypical Superhero Vs. Stereotypical Anime Protagonist?
Hulk is replaced by Shrek in Thor Ragnorak
How would a fight between an electron, an atom and a molecule play out?
Who would win in a fight, Aunt Beru or C-3PO?
In Legend of Zelda, who would win in a fight between all of the Links?
Can Mister Torgue High Five Flexington get elected as the president of the United States?
Who would win, Batman vs. Superman on a red star planet?
Who would win, Azula, Mai and Ty Lee vs. My Hero Academia girls?
Can any version of Superman defeat H’el?
Who would win in a fight between a pilot whale and a great white shark?
You with Batman's Brain VS Batman with your brain Who would win?
Lemonman, the lame superhero I created, runs a series of trials.
Your video game powers vs your TV powers
Who would win, Peter Griffin vs Po?
Who would win, Star Wars Battle Tournament: Legends vs. Canon?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Black Panther without his powers?
Who would have the edge out of Static vs Black Lightning, and why?
"if we are the human race ,then who is winning?"
Who would win, Star Wars’ The First Order versus Halo: The Covenant?
Oedipus Rex vs Tyrannosaurus Rex: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a fight between Blade and Batman?
Who would win, Robotic Bigfoot Vs. Two Headed Dinosaur?
Who would win, The Presence vs MCU Thanos?
Who was in control of the fight between Sidious and Mace?
Who would come out on top out of Time-war Time Lords vs Xeelee, and why?
Who would win out of Black Panther vs Samurai Jack, and why?
What fictional universe would do well against my OC universe.
Is there a chance of an occurrence of a Third World War? If yes, then will the USA participate?
You in a baby's body vs a house cat Who would win?
If a Shaolin Monk was to fight a professional UFC fighter, who would win?
Will the Russians or will the French yield first, if they are pitted against each other, in red tape over a project?
Muhammad ali vs sugar ray robinson? Who would win?
Who'd win, Iron Fist vs Blade?
Can Boba Fett save the Citadel?
What do you think will be the mainland where WWlll will be fought?
Who would win this fight: Thanos vs Gilgamesh?
Who would win this battle: Avatar Korra vs Buffy The Vampire Slayer in arm wrestling?
Who would be the winner out of The Bat-Family vs. Rurouni Kenshin, and why?
Who would win, CJ from San Andreas vs Brucie on Bull Shark Testosterone?
Who will win in a death battle between Captain America and Frankenstein?
Who would win, SCP-682 and Doomsday are stuck in a room together for a year. What happens when the room is opened?
Animated Spidermen vs Cinematic Spider-men
What least known event had the most impact in the 2nd World War?
Who would win in a fight a man who never gets tired, vs a man three times his own strength.
Who would win in a battle between an F-35 and a Cessna 150?
What if somebody had the highest possible rang in any one martial art and somebody else the lowest on all of them and they fought, who would win?
What non-primate animal would wreak most havoc on the planet if elevated to human intelligence?
Who would win this war: Aang with no avatar state is dropped into 19th century USA in the midst of the Civil War. Can he solo both the union and confederate armies?
Who would win, Wolf Vs Leopard?
Who will win war between Pakistan and Philippines?
If you were sent back to the time of the dinosaurs and could only bring three weapons, what would they be?
Who would win this battle: Brain battle- spiderman vs batman vs ironman?
What is the strongest animal that a Peak Human could take on bare handed?
Who'd win, the chaos gods from 40k vs the elder gods from the lovecraft mythos?
🇸🇵🇮🇩🇪🇷🇲🇦🇳 🆚 🇧🇦🇳🇪
Who is the weakest villain who would be a good match for Sean, the water mage
Would would win in a fight: Red Hood vs. Winter Solider?
Can any other "peak human" stomp Samurai Jack?
What game does Donald Trump really want to win, apart from the presidential race?
Who would win, Overwatch Soldier vs UNSC Marine?
Who would win this duel: Horton the Elephant vs. Chicken Little in an "I'm not crazy" competition?
You Run a Gauntlet with Random Powers. Who would win?
Who would win, North Korea vs Porn?
1000 Chickens Vs. 1 Elephant: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Weakest comic character who can take down an enraged polar bear while unequipped
Who would win, Superman or Goku?
Which are the best topics related for an article about disabled persons who fought and win?
If the Wolverine replaced his claws with kryptonite and faced off against Superman, who would win the battle?
Who would win this war: Tristin Taylor as voiced by Barney the Dinosaur vs. MCU Captain America?
Who would win, Brock Lesnar or Batista?
Who would win in a fight, John Cena or Chuck Norris?
How many Good Boy Points could your favorite character earn?
Who would win in a battle between Anakin and princess Zelda?
Who would be the winner out of 5 African hunting dogs vs 4 Grey wolves, and why?
Who would win, Fifa vs the league of shadows in destroying a third world country?
How would a " political " fight between Cersei and Ramsay be?
How does Israel keep winning almost all wars?
Who would win this brawl: Thor vs Hellboy?
Who would win, Ghost Rider vs Dead Pool?
With 48 hours preparation, who would win in fight between Bulma and Chichi?
If 100 Scottish people and 100 English people fought with no weapons, who would win?
If there is a big cat vs a big human with Mil-Spec knives in both hands, can the human win?
If you pit some of the top martial arts movie stars past and present in an MMA tournament, who do you think would win?
Who'd win, Wonder Woman vs Supergirl?
Would the Japanese have had any chance against the Ming Dynasty militarily if they had invaded?
How many hippos do you need to kill an Ankylosaurus?
Can Ant-Man solo the Metal Gear Solid V campaign?
Mahendra singh dhoni vs ronaldo-who will win in a race?
"Great nations win without fighting." How?
Who would win in a battle between Harry Potter and Gandalf?
Who'd win, The 10th Doctor vs Rick Sanchez?
Who would win, Everyone that has assassinated a US President is revived and have to assassinate POTUS before the end of his term?
Who would win, Battle of the Hype-men: Ebony Maw vs. Mouth of Sauron vs. Steppenwolf?
MCU gods tiers
Who would win in a battle between 1 human and 5 gibbons?
Your Favorite Character Drudges Through Another Ladder!
Who'd win, Jason Voorhees Vs. Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
Who would be the champion out of A Polar Bear vs A Leopard, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Saruman and the Nazgul?
Bloodlusted Flash vs Wormverse earth
Who would win in a fight between Beerus, Goku, and Saitama? All fighting individually, not 1v1v1.
Sports Death-battle: what would happen if there was a war between every sport?
Nascar Racing: Do You Think Jimmie Johnson Will Win?
If a Jaguar was the same size of a Tiger who would win in a fight?
Superman wants to punch you in the face. What’s the weakest team of three that can protect you for 24 hours?
Who's the weakest character that could stomp a charging elephant in its tracks with one punch?
Who would win, Goku vs. Aang?
Here we go.... Raylin Givens vs. The outlaw Jose whales
Who would win in a worldwide election battle between Narendra Modi and Barack Obama?
Kratos versus Dante? Who will win?
The Humpback Whale loving aliens from Star Trek IV vs. The Borg: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight, Son Goku and Roshi vs Son Goku and Roshi?
If you're an 18 year old high school student involved in a fight, what are the consequences?
Who'd win, Khan vs Black Panther?
Who would win in a fight between Iceman and World Breaker Hulk?
Chimera Ant Pirates
Is US able to win over China in this race to 5G?
Who would win, Zuko using Ace as a puppet vs Toph using Crocodile as a puppet?
I have made a team of characters named after detested, and or slightly annoying literary conventions. How well do Deus Ex Machina, Asspull, MacGuffin, Plot Armor, Plot Induced Stupidity, Red Herring and Chekhov's Gun do in the Marvel and DC Universe?
It's Tony Stark's bachelor party, and all the single MCU heroes in attendance are excitedly waiting for the stripper to pop out of the giant cake. Turns out it's a bloodlusted Wonder Woman.
Flippy vs Captain Gutt: Who would claim victory?
What country will win the race to Mars?
Who'd win, Kangaroo vs big cat?
"Big O" vs "Pacific Rim"
Who would win in a fight between a kangal and a spotted hyena?
If a war breaks out between Bangladesh and Myanmar right now, what will be the result?
Who would win in a fight, Saitama or Hela?
Bat-Family Free-for-all
Who would win in a war between the Vietnam-era US and the modern US? We obviously have better technology and training now, but would that necessarily mean a quick victory?
What superhero, if any, could beat Dr Manhattan in a fight?
15 navy seals with skills from the navy seal copypasta V.S. the Giga Nigga 9000
Who would win, Saitama or Goku?
Are there advantages in being tall in a fight?
Every US President is dropped into an arena, and have to duke it out
Who would win in a fight between Thor, Iron Man, Captain America and Superman, Wonder Woman, and Batman?
Who would win this war: Humans VS Silverback Gorilla - 1V1?
MCU Vulture vs other MCU/DCU characters: Who would be the champion?
Who would win between Mongols, Spartans, and Crusaders?
Who will win the next race war?
Who would win: the Juggernaut or the Hulk?
Just Do It Shia Labeouf Vs Tugg ...
Ben Tennyson vs the Animorphs: Who would win?
How long would the One Ring take to corrupt the Neutral President from Futurama?
Who would win, Nightcrawler or CW's The Flash?
What would happen if DCU’s Batman fought CW’s Green Arrow? Who would win?
Who'd win, Biker Mice From Mars vs. The Street Sharks?
I believe this is the only way.... /u/Krillin vs. .......
Who would likely win if there is another war between the US and Vietnam?
On the combat aspect, what is the difference between the USMC and the US Army?
Who's is the strongest Anime character Mewtwo X can beat from the One Punch Man?
Who'd win, Shadow The Hedgehog vs BlackWarGreymon?
Every single Pokémon is fused into one Pokémon with all the typings, abilities, moves and highest stats of its component Pokémon. Who is the strongest character it can beat?
In a hurdle race, is it possible to knock down all the hurdles and still win?
Who would win, The Akatsuki vs. The volturi + The werewolves in Twilight + The cullens and all the vampires they manage to recruit?
Who would win, Frank Dux vs Kurt Sloane?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Guts is dropped into the Game of Thrones/A Song of Ice and Fire universe. How far does he get, and why?
Who would win in a war between everyone that was alive today and everyone that has died?
In an all out battle between the Fantastic Four, the X-men, the Avengers, and the Justice League who would win?
Could the Russia and US dispute cause WW3?
1 U.S. Marine with a flamethrower vs. Bees: Who would claim victory?
Who would win, Goku and Gohan, Bizarro, Lex Luther and Mongul?
Spider-Man runs a gauntlet of his enemies.
Who would win, The Classic Dino Battle: T-Rex vs Triceratops?
Who would win, Sheev Palp vs. Thanos?
The armies of the antagonists of Far Cry 1 - 5 go head to head in a huge battle. Who prospers?
Who would win this combat: Lyrical Literal Ozzy Osbourne VS Lyrical Literal Roger Waters?
Featured Character: Evangelion Unit 01
Who would win: Darth Maul and Savage Oppress VS Kao Cen Darach and Satele Shan?
Who would win, Piccolo vs Android 18?
Who would win, Batman vs Navy SEAL Guy?
Who would win, Vegeta or Frieza’s 3rd form?
Who would be the winner out of Lobsang's airship vs some animals, and why?
Who would win, Hulkbuster vs Ultron?
Who would win outside an MMA ring or octagon, an MMA fighter, or a Muay Thai instructor?
Who had the best artillery in World War II? Who had the best system for utilizing their artillery in World War II?
Who would win in a fight between Thorin Oakenshield and Aragorn?
How do you like the trade war between China and trump? Who would probably win finally?
Featuring Axe Cop!
Who would win a fight between black cat and Black Widow?
Who would win, Dinosaurs in Iron Man Armor vs. The Hulk?
You vs a 147 pound grey wolf Who would win?
Who would win, Gon and Killua vs. every dinosaur on Isla Sorna?
Voldemort, Iron Man, & Winter Soldier vs Deathstroke, Boba Fett, & Wonder Woman: Who would have the edge?
Can an extraordinary human being beat an adult male chimpanzee in a fight?
who is the weakest character that can solo dbz verse?
Who would win a fight of 100 US SEALs against 100 British SAS on a battleground 50 x 50 km, with their bases on opposite sides? The west is a forest where the SEALS are, the middle is a tall mountain with a snowy cap, the east is a swamp.
Ghost Rider Deems the DC Universe Guilty
Who would win, all the sharks in the world or 200 Navy seals?
Cagematch: Naked Steve Rogers vs twice his weight in honey badgers: Who would claim victory?
Adam Sandler's character from Click decides to become a superhero. Who's the strongest villain he can defeat?
Who would win in a war between India and China? Why?
Who would win this brawl: The Paladins vs. Three Shadow Vessels?
Who would win in a fight, Kisame or 4-tailed Naruto?
Revan is dropped into the Halo-universe right as the Human-Covenant war begins. Can he win the war in ten years?
Who would win, Royal Guard Shaiapouf vs Razor?
Who would win this punch-up: 3 way Superman Vs Goku Vs Saitama?
Who would win this duel: Amethyst vs Rainbow Dash in three rounds?
Who would win a fight? Between Justin Bieber and Myself?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a fight, where each side is given equal firepower WITH WMDs; Luxembourg or Vatican City?
Who would win, Xenomorph chestburster vs. Thanos's chest cavity?
Who would win in a fight: Palpatine or the entire Jedi Council?
Could an elderly chimp beat a human in a fight?
How would you convince earthlings to give Spirit Energy to Goku to defeat Buu?
Who would win a fight, Gon Freecs or Captain America?
Who would win, Daredevil vs. The Mountain?
Who would win a war between Ares and Kartik?
Who would in a fight, Yamcha or Krillin?
Who will win in a fight between Superman and the team of the Fantastic Four, Wolverine, Iron Fist, Luke Cage, Daredevil, Spiderman, Jessica Jones, Namor, Colossus, Iceman, Iron Man and Captain America?
Who is the strongest character Sandman could defeat in a place like Dubai or the Sahara?
Who would win in a fight between Greek gods and Norse gods?
Christmas "tree" showdown!!!
Could Galadriel in "Lord of the Rings" have defeated Smaug, single-handedly if that situation had so presented itself?
Bo the Water Dog gets stung by a hornet. Barack Obama declares all hornets a threat to national security. Can the American military make hornets completely extinct?
Who would win in a battle between Cosmic Armor Superman and Cosmic Spider-Man?
Thought i'd share this. How Captain america's shield works by Brain stuff
If there were to be a war between all the continents, which continent would win?
Who would win in a battle between Barbatos or Galactus?
Parents of whowouldwin - toddler show ladder
The Arrow is being attacked!!!
If the Byzantine Empire and the strongest nation today fought in a war who would win?
7 Billion Counter-Strike Bots Vs. The Human Population Playing the Game: Who would be the winner?
Who is the Weakest Character that could kill 10 Trillion Lions?
Who would be the champion out of The amalgam universe versus the Marvel and DC universes, and why?
Who wins the race between EVs and hybrids? Does Better Place have a shot at changing the transportation industry?
How would Australia and NZ be affected if WW3 starts?
Who would win, Herobrine or Elsa?
Chapter 100 clash: Monkey D Luffy vs Naruto Uzumaki vs Ichigo Kurosaki vs Izuku Midoriya vs Asta vs Toriko. At their power levels as shown in chapter 100 of their mangas: Who would claim victory?
Who is the strongest person the goat from goat simulator could beat?
Who will win in a fight, the fictional Starcraft Dominion in all its glory or the entire Human Halo Universe?
What would a 2nd Korean War look like if it were to happen? How major or minor would each of the US military branch contributions be?
Who would win a war between China and France, if they were neighbors?
Who would win, Darkseid War vs Sentry with the Void?
In a BVR engagement involving an F16 Falcon versus the F14, could not the F16 win using link16 and AWACS to guide missile over very long ranges?
How would a fight between MBTs play out? Does whoever hits the other tank first, win?
Angel v Wolverine
All other American presidents and their pet dogs vs Teddy Roosevelt and every pet he ever had
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Floyd Mayweather vs. The Rock in a bare knuckle boxing match, and why?
Can I win a senate race in a state that I wasn't born and raised in?
Who would win, Goku vs Sans?
Who would win in a battle between Supergirl and Power Girl, and why?
How would movie Sabertooth defeat 3 Hydra soldiers from the MCU?
Are there other WWII movies that are similar to Dunkirk?
What would happen if there was a 100m race conducted between Usain Bolt and a TVS Apache 180cc bike? Who will win?
Who would win out of Air vs Fire vs Water vs Air, and why?
In an hypothetical escenario in which USA wants to send combat units to Iraq to fight ISIS but Abadi refuses, will USA fight another war against the Iraqi government?
If a young gorilla wrestled with an adult human, who would win?
Who would win in a battle to the death? Dormammu, Thanos , Galactus, Vision, Dr. Manhattan, Ghost Rider , DC Flash , Vibe, or Jason Voorhees?
Wonder woman vs Thor: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or World Breaker Hulk?
The U.S military runs a gantlet
Who would win, The Courier's Brain VS J'zargo in a battle of ego?
Who would win this punch-up: Grey Fox vs the Predator?
Who would win in a Turf Wars game between Harvard, MIT, Tufts, BU, and BC?
Who'd win, Green Goblin vs Black Panther?
Lord Voldemort vs Seal Team Six: Who would be the victor?
Who would be the champion out of Zeno vs thanos, and why?
Disney Villains vs. Each Other, Hunger Games-style: Who would win?
High Street Level Tourney: Round 1
What if Saddam's Iraq magically defeated the USA?
Who would win, Kane '99 or current Braun Strowman?
Who would win, The Bloody Nine vs Guts?
Link vs Lion-O: Who would be victorious?
Weakest DC/Marvel Superhero that could 8/10 Skull Island.
Who would win this match: Voldemort vs Jango Fett?
Who will win the North Face endurance 50 mile race this weekend?
Can the Philippines defeat Malaysia in a war?
Who would win a war between the U.K. and India if no other country intervened and if nukes were excluded?
In the two world wars, were there some mechanisms at work to allow sons of upper or middle class families to serve as officers, and not simple soldiers?
Who would win in a fight between Prime Mike Tyson, and a fully grown adult gorilla?
Who'd win, The 9 TF2 Mercs. Vs. Seal Team 6?
Who would be the champion out of Captain America and Black Panther vs. Deathstroke and Deadshot, and why?
Who would win, Cocotte vs Ribrianne?
Every actor who has played a superhero on TV or in movies, is in a battle royal. Who wins??
Who'd win, Gorilla vs Elephant?
Who'd win, Super Saiyan Squidward vs Yulk?
Darth Sidious vs DCEU Wonder Woman: Who would claim victory?
Why do soldiers open their mouths during firing guns?
Who will win in death battle between Superman Prime and Hanuman?
Who would win, Godzilla vs The Nine-Tailed Fox?
What would happen if a European country declared war on Switzerland?
Who wins the race, China or India?
Who would win in a fight between a cat and a skunk?
Who would win in a fight between Martian Manhunter and Thor?
Who would win a war between the UAE and Argentina, if they would be neighbors?
Who will win in a fight between S.H.I.E.L.D and USS Enterprise?
What's the most legendary dog fight?
Galactus accidentally makes a cow his herald and decides to roll with it. Who can Galactose beat: Who would be the winner?
Who is the most Powerful Female Superhero?
Who would win this war: Ghost Rider vs The Hulk?
What if we could see a fight between Apocalypse and Thanos? Who do you think would be more powerful?
Goku lands in Superman's backyard, as does Superman in Goku's. Who raises the other to be the better Superhero?
Killer B v. Chimera Ant Royal Guards
King Kong vs Godzilla
What's the strongest dinosaur/megafauna a human could take off without guns or explosives?
Smaug vs. Historical army ladder: Who would win?
What living animal is the strongest 1 v 1 fighter on land?
Who would win in a fight between an African Lion and Royal Bengal Tiger? Also between a Boa and Python?
Which countries have fought for winning democracy during WW2?
What was Dr. James Watson’s motivation when he once said that “black people are less intelligent”?
Who would win in a fight between Silver Surfer and Magneto?
Who would win in a battle between the Silver Surfer Vs Adam Warlock?
Who'd win, Spongebob vs Superman?
Who would win between 220 lb cougar and 210 lb jaguar? The fight takes place in a stadium with boulders and trees.
Who would win in a fight: a Grizzly Bear or an Utahraptor?
Every current NFL player invades the White House to tackle President Trump. Can they succeed?
Who'd win, Tobey Maguire Spiderman vs Andrew Garfield Spiderman?
Can SEAL Team Six assassinate Hitler?
Who would be victorious out of Ben 10 vs Gaara, and why?
Who would win, 100 Caillous vs Kermit the Frog?
Who would win in a fight, Thor or Star Butterfly?
Regarding the status of "most powerful weapon in the universe" awarded to the Green Lantern Ring.
how long can GOT survive against a dog named maverick
Your favorite human-level character vs....THE GAUNTLET THROUGH TIME!
Who would win, 3 Rational men vs 30 Dog-sized Bullfrogs?
Who would win a war between ISIS and Cartels?
Who would win, Son Goku vs Ryu?
Who is the strongest character that derives their power directly from an animal?
Are you tired of hearing “who’d win” questions?
What Superhero would make the best Santa Claus?
“If they have a league, shouldn’t we have a league of our own?”, says Lex Luthor after viewing the Avengers as another threat to his world domination.
You vs. Breaking Bad/Heisenberg's Bad Luck Who would win?
The four elements, Earth, Wind, Water, Fire
Who would win, Platinum Holy Knight Wayeo vs Hawk Mama?
Who would win this combat: Monkey D. Luffy Vs. Thor, God of Thunder?
Who would win in a hand to hand combat between the worlds elite commando forces?
Who would be victorious out of Cronus vs Xeno Goku, and why?
Who would win in the Indoraptor of Indominus rex?
What if Iran declared war on China?
Why did the Central Powers lose WWI?
Who'd win, Flash VS Lightning Mcqueen?
WHO WOULD WIN KNOWLEDGE BATTLE! Week 2: Spider-Man!
Who is the weakest character who can bathe in xenomorph acid blood without any long term negative affects?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Emu Hojo Vs Kirito, and why?
You are a master of the Holy Grail War. How the hell can you win? Who would win?
Who would win, SSJ Blue Goku or SSJ4 Goku?
Who would win a war between India and Vatican city, if they were neighbors?
Who'd win, A bear vs a shark?
if all sharks in the DCU teamed up, who could they beat?
Who would win in a fight, Raven or Itachi?
Who would win this punch-up: Ghost Rider Vs Asura?
Which American president would dominate in a 'no weapons' fight between all of them?
You have become the ruler of an ant hill and have an army of 50000 ants from the start. Who would win?
Who will win if the entirety of Asia forms an alliance and fight with the entirety of Europe and the USA?
How many humans would it take to kill a tiger?
Who would win, Human Torch vs The Thing?
Who would win a fight between The Rock and Lennox Lewis?
Who will win in a war between Roald Dahl's witches and Madoka Magica's witches?
Who would win in a fight, Mario Universe or Sonic Universe?
You versus an average goat Who would win?
Who would win, Fenris vs. Grimlock?
Who would win in a fight between Team 7 or Hagoromo with sage mode?
Who would win a war in a full scale invasion of Channel Islands by France? Why?
Who'd win, Joseph Joestar vs. Shikamaru Nara?
Who would win in a fight, Luffy and Zoro or Naruto and Sasuke?
Who would win if every country fought each other without alliances?
Who would win: Hokage Kakashi or Minato?
The Fire nation Vs...
Who would win, Sentry vs Hyperion?
If ISIS took on the mafia who would win?
Can the largest member of the cat family win over the largest member of the bear family?
Which superhero would be the best comedian?
Who would win in a battle between Punisher and Wolverine?
Who would win in a fight, Ken or Sub-zero?
Who would win, Kratos or an adult Atreus?
The Great Debate Tourney Season 2 Sign-Ups
Who will win in a fight, Naruto or Superman?
How do combat-oriented l'Cie generally stack up to Fate's Servants?
What would happen if someone declared war on Antarctica?
In 30 seconds, a bloodlusted Hulk Hogan high on PCP wielding a battle-axe will burst out of your closet. How do you survive?
Your Favorite Character vs. Armless Tiger Man
Who would win: Naruto vs. Naruto Shippuden?
Who would win, Iron Mark 45/XLV vs Hulkbuster?
Who would win, Corvo vs. Talion?
Who would win a comedy battle on stage between Spiderman and Deadpool?
Why didn't North Korea invade and initiate the '2nd Korean War' at the height of the Vietnam when the US and SK forces were busy with defending the ROV? Especially with the large anti-war sentiment at the time in the US. Did the DPRK consider this?
Who would win out of The annual Suvudu Cage Match is upon us! Come, cast your votes and voice your opinions in a month-long tournament of theoretical battles, and why?
Who would win a war between feudal Japan and feudal Europe, if they were neighbors?
What will happen if India wins/loses the initial two Cricket World Cup matches on the 15th of February versus Pakistan and on the 22nd of February versus South Africa?
Who would win, Galactus vs Mystic Gohan?
Who would win in a boxing match, Anthony J. or Muhammad Ali?
Who would win in a battle between a grizzly and a fully grown bison?
The probability of A winning the race is 2 /3 and B winning the race is 4 /3 what is the probability of none of them winning the race is?
Scourge vs Slenderman: Who would be the winner?
Who would win, Courage Wolf vs Insanity Wolf?
Who would win, 3 women vs. 1 man, in a fight?
Who would win - Krrish or Hawkeye?
Can the Silver Surfer beat his own NES game?
Every tardigrade on the planet is now the size of a grizzly bear. Can we stop them?
Who would be victorious out of Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman vs the Hulk, Iron Man, and Thor, and why?
What real human could possibly win the Hunger Games?
Earth is invaded by Toho's monsters from Godzilla. Whose the strongest monster that the MCU Avengers could defeat?
Who would win this war: One Punchman vs. Eight Gates Gai?
What are arguments for or against filmmaker Michael Moore's declaration that snipers are cowards, in his response to the release of American Sniper?
Creed Diskenth vs Genos: Who would be the victor?
The Captain America vs. Loki fight from The Avengers gets a rematch with Captain America in his Civil War form. Who would win?
Why does Atlanta seems torn between her attraction to hippomenes and her desire to win the race answer?
Who would win this war: Ino-Shika-Cho vs. The Sand Siblings?
Who would win, Team Arrow vs Batman from DCEU?
Who is the strongest character a composite Jack Black can defeat?
Who would win in a fight between Naruto and Thor?
Aiden Pearce vs Sombra: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who would win a fight between Mario and sonic the hedgehog?
What was the fight between Naruto and Hidan like?
Who would win, Misty vs. Tentracruel?
Did Sasha Velour deserve to win season 9 of Rupaul's Drag Race?
Could Lion-o and the Thundercats get the one ring to Mt. Doom and destroy it?
Who would win in a fight between Mr. Fantastic and Batman
Settle a drunk argument. How many velociraptors would it take to beat an African Elephant?
Who would win, SSJBlue Kaioken Goku vs Vegito?
Who would win in a fight: Ellen Ripley or Sarah Connor?
Who would win this fight: The Presence vs. The One Above All, with a Twist?
Who'd win, Einstein vs. Stephen Hawking?
Who would win, Necrons Warhammer 40K vs the Galactic Empire?
Who would win in a fight between a dingo and a border collie?
Who would win this battle: Blastoise vs Charizard?
If Ganguly was successful in winning the 2003 WC final versus Australia, can anyone deny the fact that he is the best Indian captain ever?
DC meets Star Wars
You VS All the Chickens you have ever eaten. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight: Yoda or 1000 velociraptors?
Swiper the Fox has the One Ring. What's the most highly secured place he can swipe from without being noticed?
Name a three member team who could 6/10 the team above yours. How long until we reach God tier?
Silver Surfer versus Alan Scott, who wins?
If everyone in history participated in an all-out Hunger Games, who would win?
Who would win, Saitama or Bruce Banner? Banner starts as Banner but he can Hulk out.
What's your opinion of the MCU's Taneleer Tivan, The Collector?
Who would win? Arnold from Hey Arnold or Timmy Turner without his fairies?
Shinji Ikari gets Kamina as a big bro. How does the series change?
Who would win in a war between Tamriel and Oklahoma?
Street Tier Watchmen vs Street Tier Avengers: Who would be victorious?
If you were the ruler of the world with infinite money and infinite power, what would you do?
Kylo Ren vs. Starkiller: Who would be victorious?
Final Fantasy Boss Brawl
Your favorite character Vs a Dinosaur Ladder
Who would win in a rematch Daniel Larusso or Johnny Lawrence?
Who would win this brawl: Doomguy vs the Iron Giant?
Who would win this brawl: Web Vs Hermit Purple?
Who would be the winner out of Fire Lord Ozai Vs Roy Mustang, and why?
Inigo Montoya fights a Gauntlet
Who will win in the battle between Alibaba and Tencent?
Who would win, SSJ Blue Copy Vegeta vs SSJ Blue Goku?
Did Hitler know the US had nuclear weapons?
Who is the strongest character an air bender, water bender, earth bender, and fire bender could defeat?
Who'd win, Contessa vs Saitama?
Who would win a fight Between The WorldBreaker Hulk and Green Lantern?
Universe 6 Saiyans vs Broly
Who would win in a UFC fight between Ronda Rousey and "The Mountain" from Game of Thrones?
President Trump vs the Kool-Aid man: Who would have the edge?
What if Quora declared war on the USA?
Who has a more metal name than Gorr, the God Butcher?
Who would win a war between Iceland and Japan?
Who would win this war: The Looney Tunes Vs. The Hindu gods?
Will there be a fight between Areo Hotah and Gregor Clegane?
Who would win, Kakashi vs Sasuke?
Who would win this brawl: Black Panther VS Steel?
What is the difference between combat and regular diving in the US military?
You are suddenly hit with all the damage you have ever done to another human being. Do you survive? Who would win?
Boxing Match: Batman Vs. Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier, Mike Tyson, and Floyd Mayweather Jr.
So will Google win the mobile wallet race or join it?
Who would win in a fight, Yoda or Superman?
What is the strongest fictional species that Modern-Day Earth could beat in an All-out War?
Who would win in a fight, Itachi or Zuko?
Who'd win, Battle of Helm's Deep. Reinforcements never show up but the defenders on the wall are bolstered by an additional 20 modern soldiers with gear and ammo typical of someone serving in Iraq?
Who would win in a fight between Khabib Nurmagomedov and Frankie Edgar?
Who will win if there comes a war between humans and aliens?
Who would win, Batman vs Spider-Man in a cage fight?
Who'd win, Mrs. Incredible or Mr. Fantastic? What about The Thing or Mr. Incredible and Violet or Susan?
Who would win in a war between Tajikistan and Eritea?
Who would win in a battle: G.I. Joe or John Rambo?
Can Aquaman defeat Japan without ever leaving the water?
The Foundation hears reports of a walking Skeleton on fire killing people: Ghostrider, as he is known. They must contain it.
Which US state would win in a fight?
Who'd win, Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson vs a Bengal Tiger with no claws?
Who would win between flash and Ironman?
Who'd win, Batman vs Darth Maul vs Wonder Woman vs Wolverine vs Luke Cage vs Spiderman?
Who'd win, Pit vs Sora?
Who would win, Doctor Octopus vs Bane?
You gain the powers, abilities, knowledge and equipment of every video game character you've ever played as. Who is the weakest person that could solo you? Who would win?
Amateur Hour - WWW Obscure Character Awareness - Week 4: Ladies Night
Who has a better chance of defeating Captain America: Daredevil, Batman, or Black Panther?
Who would be the champion out of Chewbacca vs. Captain America, and why?
Which US State will get its act together first and win the Race to Zero Carbon?
Is Nepal supporting World War 3?
Does slow and steady actually win the race in today's fast, competitive world?
Who would win in a fight between a ferret vs a skunk?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of The League of Shadows vs the Whalers, and why?
Who'd win, Sonic the Hedgehog vs Ratchet and Clank?
Who would win, Hisoka and Illumi vs Silva?
Which team do you think will win the game between Sweden and Peru?
All Might passes One For All not to Deku... but to Mumen Rider
What if the February and October Revolutions of 1917 occurred not in Russia but elsewhere?
You go back in time to be the adviser of any historical ruler; whom do you advise, and to what degree can you enhance their reign? Who would win?
Who would win in an all-out war, the Galactic Empire or the Narutoverse?
Weakest Character that can Defeat the Punch Out Roster.
Who would win in a match of Hulk versus Humungousaur?
Who'd win, Bernie sanders vs Hilary Clinton vs donald trump?
Who would win a fight between Juggernaut and Namor?
Who would win in a quarter mile race between a 3.0 l turbocharged diesel and 3.0 l NA gasoline of the same car that have around the same HP?
Who would win this war: Master Chief vs Mother Brain?
Who would win in a war between Mongolia and North Korea?
Supreme Leader Snoke vs. Emperor Palpatine: Who would come out on top?
In a three-way war between MLP: FiM's Equestria, the British Empire and the Spanish Empire circa. 1790 with allies, who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Alan Turing and John Nash?
Who would win a battle between Thor and Godzilla?
Who'd win, Ridley vs. Class 1-A?
Who is the weakest character that can run this gauntlet I created from Know Your Meme?
Who would win in a sword duel: The Princess Bride's Inigo Montoya vs. Zorro?
What countries are not likely to be involve in WW3?
Who'd win, Aquaman vs. Hulk underwater?
Who would win, Humans vs Aliens?
Who would win in a battle between a dire wolf and spotted hyena?
Every NCAA Division I college football team in America becomes it's name and fights to the death
If Britain fought the Commonwealth, who would win?
Who would win, Battlestar Galactica VS The Spirit of Fire?
Who would win, Vampire or Demon?
What were the most epic fights between humans and animals in Roman amphitheaters?
Hypothetical Battles of Westeros: Who would win in a fight: Brienne of Tarth or Visenya Targaryen?
How many capuchin monkeys would it take to kill a chimpanzee?
Who would win in a fight between modern day Turkey and Europe in 1900?
Who would win a war between Canada and Brazil?
When’s WW3? It’s getting very tense between the countries so it seems like there’s going to be a war. When would it be?
What combination of various Earth animals, excluding humans, and insects could kill an Alien ? Battlefields include Hogwarts, D-Day, the Titanic and the Aliens are birthed from different animals, including Count Dracula, Hermione, Aragog, a blue whale, T-Rex etc
In a deep analysis, who would win in a fight, Gaara or Sasuke, at full power?
What should I do to win 200 meters run race with one week practice?
Who would win this combat: Medieval Knight VS Siberian Tiger?
The name's Bond. Shaman Bond. The very secret agent -- Character of the Week
Can the Emperor Of Mankind bring the Galactic Republic back into the Imperium?
Who would win, Keemstar Vs. Scarce Vs. Cenk Uyger?
Inspired by an Askreddit post. All 50 states in a war. You are a general of your State. How do you beat the other 49?
A woolly mammoth runs a ladder
Who would win this duel: 50 six year olds versus 1 polar bear?
John Carpenter’s The Thing finds itself onboard the Event Horizon
What is the difference between the English sentences "That's the key to win a battle" and "That's the key of winning a battle"?
Who'd win, Jin roh: the wolf brigade vs the death korps of krieg?
Who would win a fight between Mike Tyson and a WWE Wrestler?
Hypothetical situation: how many five year olds could you fight off of yourself before they overwhelmed you?
What's the appeal of sizing up the powers of superheroes? Why do some people get so salty about it?
Who would be victorious out of Boros vs Jiren, and why?
The Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny calls a rematch, curtsy of Mr Rogers, only he isn't participating.
Who'd win, Homura Akemi vs Lightning?
Who would be the winner out of Yamcha, the wolf hurricane Vs Burter, the blue hurricane, and why?
Who would win out of Marv vs. John "Sleepy" Estes, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Severus Snape and Lucius Malfoy?
Who will win a war between Britain and China and why?
What is the minimum number of Spartan IV's required to take down a 5 man tactical squad of 40K space marines?
Who would win, 7 wolves vs 1 tiger?
Who would win, Batman vs the Sinister Six?
Akatsuki vs Organization 13, who would win?
Who would win this combat: Honeybadger VS Wolverine?
Who would win, Knuckle Bine or Morel Mackernasey?
Who would win this match: Batman has saved the world countless times and fought with gods and demons, but can he survive the March of the Penguins?
Which team will win toady?
who would win in a one on one fight: Hawkeye or Green Arrow?
If every Reddit user was given the choice to have any power from any game he/she wanted, what would be the strongest enemy we could defeat?
Who would win this battle: A boulder with hands that can use a katana that can break the sound barrier vs a sentient oak tree that can shapeshift into a f-22 but can't use missiles but can shoot and drop rocks, pebbles, and other boulders?
Who Would Win: Thanos or The Avengers+Ultron
Who would win, Guts vs. Vampire Hunter D?
Who would win a fight between Stefan Struve and Demetrious Johnson?
Who would win a war between Cuba and Haiti?
4 of the PAYDAY crew are forced to team up with Dedsec of Watch Dogs 2. How would they do in a heist taking all of Blume's core assets?
Who wins in a battle between a golden eagle and a coyote?
Why is there a constant fight between radical feminists and misogynists?
What do you think would happen after World War 3?
Who would win a battle of wits between you and Diogenes?
Who would win, X-Parasite vs the Flood?
Who would win in a war between the Americas Vs. the rest of the world?
What if the US army was sent to the universe of RWBY in order to exterminate every trace of the Grimm?
Who would win, Fire Lord Ozai Vs. The Human Torch?
Who would win in a Pokemon battle between Glalie and Froslass?
Who would win in a fight between The White Fang of the Leaf and Itachi Uchiha?
In an atomic war between the United States, Russia, and China, who would launch the first atomic bomb?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Goku VS Super Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann vs Saitama vs Hawkeye, and why?
Who would win, MCU Captain America or DCEU Deathstroke?
How many Black Panthers would it take to beat Black Panther
If Aang, Toph and Sokka went to fight the fire lord with Zuko on the invasion day, right after the eclipse ended, could they have won?
Who would come out on top out of Apocalypse scenario: Every tree in Virginia versus every resident in Virginia, and why?
Who would win in a fight, Mega Man or Astro Boy?
Pit enters the Fire Emblem universe
Who would win a war between Vietnam and India?
You with the Elder Wand vs 20 Silverback Gorillas. Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between your favorite western character vs. your favorite eastern character.
Would a WW3 scenario lead to a potential new wave of colonialism?
Who would win in a fight, Zabuza or Natsu?
Who would win in a death match, a human or a cheetah?
Who would have the edge out of Team of the Month: Ladybug and Chat Noir, and why?
Thor lends Cap Mjölnir, Black Panther lends him his armor. Who can he solo?
Could Aragorn defeat Gandalf in a duel? Gandalf is a Maiar but in an human body as an Istar, so could he defeat him? Maybe he could contend with Gandalf the Grey but not Gandalf the White?
Who'd win, Iceman vs Sand?
Who would win in a fight between the Green Lantern and Aladdin?
Who would be the winner out of Galactic Empire vs Westeros, and why?
Before retiring, will L. Hamilton topple M.Schumacher's race wins record of 91?
Who would win between Darth Maul and either of the Fetts in a fight to the death?
Why did Mary Landrieu assume that she would win the 2014 senate race?
Who would win, Minato Namikaze vs Kaguya Ôtsutsuki?
Who'd win, Professor X decides to hunt down Batman. Can he find him and scramble his brain?
Could any single Overwatch character defeat the Indominus Rex?
Who would win this match: Talon vs Black Panther?
Who would win this brawl: He-Man and Lion-O vs Goku and Vegeta?
Who would win, Boromir or Jon Snow?
Who would win, Crocodile vs Carnage?
Who would win, The Iron Giant vs Independence day aliens?
Who would win, Deadpool vs Carnage?
Who would win, Spongebob vs. The Flash?
Who is the least manipulative character that could get Batman to reveal his secret identity?
Who would win, "Divine Justice" Merged Zamasu or "Ultimate Fusion" Vegito Blue?
Who would win a fight between The Hulk and Red Skull?
Who would win a fight between Bronn and Ser Jorah Mormont?
Who'd win, 25 Putin clones vs 2 Bloodlusted Grizzly bears in a gladiator arena?
Who is going to win the battle between Arun Jaitley and Arvind Kejriwal?
Titans now have the intelligence of Batman and the combined teamwork of Ants, who is the strongest enemy they can defeat given a day of prep time: Who would come out on top?
Who would win this fight: Time for a medical schooling: Dr. Who vs Dr. Strange vs Dr. Octavius vs Dr. Bruce Banner vs Dr. Doom vs Dr. Manhattan vs Dr. Evil vs Dr. Van Helsing vs Dr. Frankenstein vs Dr. Hannibal Lecter vs "Patch" Adams vs Dr. Quinn vs Doogie Howser vs Dr. Zoidberg?
Who would win this match: Mahatama Ghandi Vs Stephen Hawking?
2 on 2 basketball: who would win Michael Jordan & Kobe Bryant vs. Lebron James & Scottie Pippen?
The lead characters of the last two movies you watched are in a fight to the death in a place of your choosing. Who wins, and what does the battle look like?
A REALLY REALLY Pissed offHippo vs....
Will we all get wiped out on WW3?
If all the cereal mascots came to life, who would win in a fight?
A honey badger vs. wolverine: Who would be the champion?
Who'd win, Krillin vs. Captain America?
Which animal would win the battle between a grizzly bear and a siberian tiger?
Who would win in an all-out death battle, Nova or Quasar?
Who would win: Mihawk or Luffy?
Cersei Lannister names a different champion against Tyrion when he demands a trial by combat...
If you had to take over the modern world in the most benign way possible, how would you do it? By the end, you must be in control of all laws.
Who would win out of Sasuke Uchiha vs. Roronoa Zoro, and why?
after killing the tusken raiders and defeating the evil sandman, Anakin Skywalker travels to the Narutoverse in order to track down and kill the most evil sand lover ever, gaara. can he kill him?
Characters based or named after animals now suffer from the idiomatic expressions related to their namesakes. Who's the most inconvenienced of them all: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Caesar's Legion vs War Boys: Who would be the winner?
If all 26 alphabet had a war, which one would win?
Shao Khan challenges Azeroth to Mortal Kombat.
Superheroes Play 6 v 6 Football
Who originally said "Win the battle lose the war?
In a fight between Karna and Bodhidharma, who would win?
Hypothetical Battles: Who would win in a battle between 100 of the best SEALS and 100 of the top marine special forces?
Who would win in a fight, Shere Khan or Aslan?
Who would win a fight Between The Hulk and A Dinosaur T Rex?
Who would win this punch-up: Conor McGregor VS Floyd Mayweather?
Why did the killing curse rebound on Voldemort in the final fight between him and Harry?
Who would win this combat: Lobster-Gorilla vs. Gorilla-bear?
Solid Snake must convince Ron Pearlman that war has changed, while Ron Pearlman must convince Snake that war never changes
Who'd win, Fury Road: Replace Max and Furiousa with two characters from any movie with "road" in the title?
Who would win out of A universe of your choice vs. the Brain Spawn, and why?
Every organism on the planet are now as intelligent as humans. Will we survive?
Which companies will be the winners and losers in the race to develop self-driving cars?
Who would be victorious out of The president Hs been replaced by a Evil clone, and only Seal team 6 knows. Can Seal Team 6 Raid the fully guarded white house and assassinate the fake president, and why?
What is the difference between a combat medic and a health care specialist?
With all things considered equal, which would win a war between the US and Canada, just taking into consideration professionalism, performance, and training?
Who would win, Black Siren vs Black Widow?
300 Captain Americas hold Thermopylae
What regions in the brain work when we win or lose money and how can we stimulate them?
Which side will win in a battle between 5 U.S Navy SEALS and 5 Indian MARCOS?
Who would win in a fight between Pluto the Dog, the Dwarf Planet Pluto, and Sailor Pluto?
Who would Win a fight between Hulk and Satan The Devil?
Who'd win, Ghost Rider vs. The Hulk?
Other than Jhansi ki Rani, who are the most powerful women warriors in Indian history?
Are Trump & May itching to start WW3?
Is there anything that the Chinese could have done differently in the early stages of WWII, that would have completely repulsed the Japanese attacks, massacres, and victories? Was there a bad strategy?
Who would win, Fallout World vs Our World?
Is a pair of tower shields a good weapon choice for a seven foot tall lizard man with a five foot long flexible tail with a foot long spike at the end of it?
All of Reddit with whatever they own and boats vs The Australian Armed Forces and Every Emu on Earth
Who would win, MCU Avengers or DCEU Justice League?
Who'd win, Vladimir Putin Vs. Barrack Obama?
Who would win, Star Butterfly vs Blade Wolf?
Who would win, Rick Sanchez or The Flash?
Who would win, Iron Man and Hawkeye or Superman?
Will the USA and its scheming allies cause WW3?
Who would win, Ash-Greninja vs Hela?
Who is winning the Twitter war between the Democrats and the Republicans, as of June 2016?
Who would win, Spy vs Corvo?
You're a street-level amateur Superhero in the DC Universe with three random lame superpowers and one goal: Kick Superman's ass in a fair ten-round fight on pay-per-view TV. You have one month to prepare, and Kryptonite usage is banned. Who would win?
Who would win in a battle between Transformers and Gundam?
The Navy Seal Copypasta Guy trains your favorite character in gorilla warfare. How does he do against gorilla armies?
Who would win, The Batter vs Light Asura?
Robbie Rotten vs. Dr. Doofenshmirtz, a battle of brains: Who would have the best chance of winning?
What female character gets the biggest advantage by having big boobs?
Who will win in a fight between Cheetah and Kraven the Hunter?
Who would win, Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy vs. An Argonian at staying under water the longest?
How do you, with powers, fare in Brockton Bay?
Who would win, Naruto or Adult Boruto?
Who would win in a war between the USA and Fiji?
Who'd win, Batman is reduced to real-world Peak Human but is given enhanced stamina and healing factor. Who can he beat now that he couldn't before/who can beat him that couldn't before?
What are the main differences between Combat Jujutsu and Judo techniques?
The Mod Squod vs You Ungrateful Punks: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a fight: Leatherface or Jason?
Could real-life Donald Trump negotiate a good deal for a stray dog?
Who would win, Green Lantern or Green Lantern?
GOP Presidential Nomination Race : Will Rick Santorum win the Michigan Primary?
Who'd win, The God-Emperor of Mankind vs. Thanos?
Who would win this combat: George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Henry Kissinger, Stalin, Obama, Napoleon Bonaparte, Sun Tzu, and Hitler in a game of Texas Hold 'Em poker?
Mannequin vs Spider-Man: Who would come out on top?
What is it like to be in a fight with God?
Who would win in a fight, Blue Beetle or Wonder Woman?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Heaven Ascension DIO vs. Infinity Gauntlet Thanos, and why?
Who would win in a fight between all U.S. states?
Who would win in a battle between a medusa and a basilisk?
Who wins in a battle between a Wolverine vs a Clouded Leopard?
What if Tigers hunted in Prides and Lions hunted by themselves.
Who'd win, a rabid badger vs a mongoose on pcp?
The cast of The Office inherit the powers of Earth's mightiest heroes. Can they win Infinity war, where Thano's faction is replaced by cast of Friends?
Who'd win, Predator X vs a blue whale?
Tai Lung from Kung Fu Panda fights Zed from League of Legends
Who'd win, Axe Cop vs Navy SEAL Copypasta Guy?
Who would win, Titanium Man vs Iron Man?
What if Argentina had joined Peru and Bolivia against Chile in the War of the Pacific?
If there were two mountains of wealth with one defended by enemies and the other defended by allies, which one would be chosen as a target?
Bloodlusted Human vs Grizzly Bear
The Grand Vampire Battle Royale!
Who would win in a fight between and Black Panther and Vergil?
If Corvo Attano and a predator fought, who would win?
Who would be victorious out of Neo vs Alice, and why?
Who would win, Honey Badger vs Wolverine?
Who would win this combat: Geralt of Rivia vs. Gray Fox?
Who'd win, Garth vs Jebus?
Team of the Month: The Red Lotus
Who would win, Superman Vs Thor?
Who would win a fight between Ultron and the Hulk?
Who'd win, Magneto vs The Marvel Universe; an alternative to combat?
In an epic battle between Google as Optimus Prime and Apple as Iron Man, who would win?
Who would win, the main characters from the original trilogy vs the main characters from the prequel trilogy vs the main characters from the sequel trilogy?
Who would win between a wolf vs a gorilla?
Who would win, Astro Boy vs Mega Man?
Who would claim victory out of Tom Haverford vs. Waylon Smithers in a 10 round boxing match, and why?
Who would be the winner out of Roland Deschain Vs John Preston, and why?
Who would win, Three way fight: Unarmed NSWDG soldier vs. Unarmed Viking vs. Unarmed Spartan?
Who would have the best chance of winning out of Mob vs Tatsumaki, and why?
If modern day Japan and the WWII Empire of Japan fought each other, who would win?
All Might vs Deep Sea King
Who'd win, Master Chief vs. the Green Goblin?
Who would win a fight between young Bruce Wayne and Jerome Valeska at his best?
Who could win in a fight to the death between 100 Jedi and Hulk?
Who would win in a fight, Naruto or Po?
What is the comparison between combat arms and combat support/combat service support?
Time-travel Historical Battle!
Who would win in a fight between Galactus and Marvel's Zeus?
CM Punk versus Squirrel Girl, who wins?
All of these characters are trying out for the Avengers. There is only one opening on the team. Who makes it?
Who would win this brawl: Human vs Cheetah?
Who would win, The Witchking VS D?
In a battle between Bhishma and Karan, who do you think will win?
Which animal would win in a battle between a Wolverine and a Sun Bear?
You are now the protagonist of the Sky high movie. You are given a random power. How would could you survive or change the plot? Who would win?
Is South Korea going to be involved in the war between America and North Korea?
"Huh?? My toughest sneaking mission yet???"
You get a couple of Superpowers based on how much Karma you have! Who is the strongest character you can 10/10? Who would win?
If every video game main character fought, both at their weakest and strongest, who would win?
Why did Hitler suspend the first assault rifle StG 44?
Who would win this brawl: The humble space marine vs ARC troopers?
Super Soldiers hold Helm's Deep: How Long Do They Last?
Who would win North Korea or South Korea?
Who is the strongest character Monika could beat in a fight?
Who would win this punch-up: Rick Deckard vs. Data?
Who would win, Cyborg vs Flash/Barry Allen?
Who would win in a battle of Wit between Tony Stark, Harvey Specter , and Sherlock Holmes? Other factors could be how funny they are, how interesting they are, and how universally liked they are by the audience.
Who would win in a fight, a black belt karate 7-year-old kid or a strong adult?
Who would win, Silverback gorilla with a lead pipe or grizzly bear?
Amateur Hour - WhoWouldWin Obscure Character Awareness - Week 3
What would win in a fight between a coyote and an African golden wolf?
You vs. a Bunch'a Nazis Who would win?
Who would be the winner out of The cast of Dragon Age is plopped into Middle Earth. Can they destroy Sauron and the ring, and why?
Who would win a game of chess--Brain from Pinky and the Brain or Dexter, boy genius, from Dexter's laboratory?
Team of the Month: Secret Six
Pirate Fight!!! The Pirates Of The Caribbean -vs- The Pirates of Dark Water.
Who would win this combat: Mike Tyson on Super Soldier Serum Vs Big Boss In a 12 Round Boxing match?
Who would win, Molecule Man/Owen Reece from New Avengers volume 3 #33 or The Beyonder?
Who would win, Black Canary or Lady Shiva?
Who would win in a fight between Comanches and Mongols?
Who will win in a war between Israel and Lebanon+Syria+Hamas assuming that neither side gets aid from other countries?
Raptors vs Apes in a bid for earth: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Who'd win, Jesus Christ Superstar vs. Cats?
Who would win, Yang vs Blake Belladonna?
Who would win in a fight between The Flash and Storm?
During the final battle of Saving Private Ryan, why did the Rangers not use bazookas against the top armor of the German tanks? Couldn't the bazookas have a much easier time penetrating the weak top armor of the Tiger tanks?
What has the higher chance of winning: horse races or a lottery ticket?
Who would be victorious out of Cammy White vs. White Tiger, and why?
What if Tarzan meet and fought against Shere Khan?
Who would win, Vegito vs Vegito with Final Kamehameha?
Who'd win, Jedi vs Sith History?
Is the fight between heart and brain real or is it merely between the brain?
Every tree in the world got up and grew arms and legs... they all have a blood lusted passion to kill the United states!!! What happens?!!
MMA fighter with a knife vs. a Silverback gorilla: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Airwolf vs Blue Thunder: Who would come out on top?
If Percy Jackson and Harry Potter had a death battle, who would win?
The Fire Nation invade Westeros
What would happen if Germany was on the wrong side in a hypothetical WWIII?
What was the timeline between D-Day and winning the war?
Who'd win, The Hero Association vs The Chimera Ants?
An army of professional golfers led by Tiger Woods vs 20 actual tigers.
Who would win among the giant villains/fodder villains, Izuku Midoriya, and Deku?
Every Continent's Animals Go to War
If Israel and Singapore went to war with each other today, who would win?
What would happen if Indonesia declares war on Mexico?
Who would win, God of Destruction Toppo or MUI Goku?
Who would win in a war between the wizards of the Harry Potter universe and the military?
Who would win in a fight between Hercules and Indrajith?
Who do you think will win in a battle between Perfect Blue Vegeta and Zamasu?
What is the worst flying bird to get in a fight with?
How do you imagine BVR combat between two fighters formations with modern fighters, which are in the modern military system?
Bane vs Green Arrow: Who would claim victory?
Who'd win, 80 million Bloodlusted Canadian Geese vs the entire population of Quebec in hand to hand combat?
Who is stronger between Jambavan and Hanuman?
SPIDER-MAN.vs.BATMAN
Who would win, Fenris vs all the animals on Earth?
Who would win in an unprepared fight to the death between Batman and Spider-Man? Who would win with preparation?
Who would win a fight between Rand al'Thor and Percy Jackson?
Who would win this combat: Muscle Man and High Five Ghost VS Bebop and Rocksteady?
Who'd win, Human sized praying mantis vs human sized T-rex?
The Lizard VS Man-Bat: Who would claim victory?
Which would win in a dog fight between a F-22 Raptor and a Spitfire?
Off Topic: Movies and Television Questions and Discussion 3/06/15
Featured Character: Hades
What is the most modern war you can change the outcome of by adding Balerion "The Black Dread" to the losing side?
If WWIII were to break out, who would Egypt side with and why?
Who would win in a battle between Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades, based on ability?
Who would win a fight between a squirrel and a rat?
If there was a Civil War between the US Navy, Army, Marine Corps and Air Force, who would win?
Serial Request Response: Team Avatar v.s. Teen Titans
In a free for all across the entire Comic Book & Television roster, who would win if 8 year old you called the shots and why?
Are we all aliens who kicked out the real residents of this planet, and took it over? If so, will the real Earthian race attack us, and can we win?
During the 1971 War, why didn't India negotiate for POK even though India captured 90,000 Pakistani soldiers?
Who would win in a fight between an eagle and a badger?
Who would win this duel: Wonder Woman vs The Deep Sea King?
Who would win in a fight, Yang or Natsu?
Who would win between Black Panther and Captain America in their new armour?
Ezykele Abaddon vs Master Chief: Who would be victorious?
Who would win, Harry Dresden vs. Kvothe?
The Velociraptors in Jurassic Park are replaced with Deathclaws from Fallout. How do the characters and other dinosaurs handle the situation: Who would be victorious?
Why didn't Hannibal take Rome after virtually annihilating the Roman army at Cannae?
If the modern Malta archipelago were sent to the year 1565, how well could the Maltese stand against the Turkish armada?
Who would in a fight between Gon Freecs and Batman?
Who would win in a three-way battle between Superman, Shazam/Captain Marvel, and Martian Manhunter?
Who would win, U.S. Marines versus U.S. Navy?
Who would win in a fight between Batman and Iron Man?
After March 15, the GOP race will almost certainly be exclusively Cruz vs. Trump. Who will win?
Who would win - the Galactic Empire at it's height, or a massive Tyranid Hive?
Who would win in a battle between Annabeth Chase and Clary Fray?
Who will win a race between Flash, Reverse Flash and Zoom?
Who would win, Mr. Freeze vs. Doctor Octopus?
Who'd win, Batman vs 50 grizzly bears?
Who would win this brawl: Beerus is going to destroy Earth, and only one man stands in his way...Chef Gordon Ramsay?
Who would win this battle: Saitama Vs Arale?
Who would win in a fight between Dr. Manhattan and Superman Prime?
Your Legends of Tomorrow vs Vandal Savage
If all of the playable assassins in Assassins Creed fought the MCU Avengers, who would win in a deathmatch?
Who would win against Ultron , Original Iron Legion or Iron Man 3?
Who would win this punch-up: Mob VS Tatsumaki?
WhoWouldWin Chat
Who would win, The Attack on Titan heroes vs. an AT-AT?
What if Bill gates will gives his wealth to a terrorist organization - what would happen?
Who would win this duel: Bruce Wayne vs Sherlock Holmes, in a boxing match?
Mr Bean riding a Charizard has attacked the White House, can SEAL team 6 save the president?
Who would win in a fight: Luke Skywalker or Captain America?
Who would win, Punisher vs Red Wolf?
Black Panther vs Deathstroke: Who would be the champion?
Ultimate battle: Part 1
If there is a cyber war between India, USA, Russia, China, and Pakistan, hackers from which country will win the war?
Would La Raza support a Mexican war to take back the American South West?
The combined DNA of all US Presidents is used as a sample to start the most 'Merican Space Marine chapter ever. What is the strongest force in 40k they can defeat?
Who would win in a poker game: a sociopath, a psychopath or a person with Asperger's?
Who would win, Kraven vs Beast Boy?
Who would win this match: Grown-up versions of the Land Before Time gang vs the Indominus Rex?
Who would win in a fight between Megalodon and Deinosuchus?
Who would be victorious out of Avatar Korra vs MCU Captain America, Winter Soldier, and Black Panther, and why?
Who is the weakest character who can 10/10 the God-Emporer of Mankind?
Who would win out of Artemis Fowl and Batman vs a bloodlusted Composite Goku who gained every HST ability, and why?
The US government uses zombies to fight in military conflicts.
Who would come out on top out of Pai Mei VS Master Shifu, and why?
Your favorite Animal-Themed character faces a Robot-Themed gauntlet
Who would win in a fight between MCU Vision and 616 Adam Warlock?
If Boromir and a army of Gondor fought Eddard Stark and the Army of the North who would win?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer vs Blade
Who would win in a street fight, Krav Maga or Muay Thai?
Who would win, Captain America vs Balrog in a boxing match?
Who would win in a match between Pete Sampras and Roger Federer, assuming both are playing to the best of their capabilities?
Who would win in a hand-to-hand fight between Batman and Master Roshi?
Who will win in a fight between Saitama and Dr. Manhattan?
Fix it Felix Jr. Vs. The carpenter
If the US had not left Vietnam after Tet, and instead launched a counteroffensive, could they have won the Vietnam War?
WhoWouldWin Court: The Case of Bruce Wayne
The therapy group from "Wreck-It Ralph" gets in a fight. Who can they beat? Who can beat them?
Who would be the champion out of Wolverine vs. Bigby Wolf, and why?
Who’ll win in an actual battle between Naruto Six Sage form, Luffy’s Haki or Ichigo in Dangai form?
Aku vs. Mumm-Ra: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, DC's Dominators or Marvel's Celestials?
What if Spiderman was real in 1962?
Talion Vs. the Fellowship of the Ring: Who would win?
Historical Western warriors enter an arena...
Who would win in a battle between a chimp vs orangutan vs baboons.
Who would come out on top out of T-Rex vs. Xenomorph Queen, and why?
Who would win, SSB Gogetto or Diamond Frieza?
Who would win, Captain Atom vs Captain Atom?
Who will win in an arm chair war between India and Pakistan?
Who would win if ASOIAF Valyria fought against LOTR?
In an F1 race, is the car or the driver important for winning the race?
Who would win, Neji Hyuga or Tien?
Who would win in a war between ASEAN and India?
Who would win in a fight between Sentry and Ultraman?
During World War 2, soldiers were in their 20s. What happened to people who were in their 30s? How did they contribute to the country’s defense?
Who would win in a fight, Punisher vs. Snake Eyes?
Which would win in a fight: a Russian T-90 or an American M1 Abrams?
Is it possible to win a physical fight with around 5 people after practicing martial arts for 10 years?
Who would win in a fight, Netero or Superman?
What is the weakest nation/civilization that could beat the Mongols?
Who would win, Heles vs MCU Thanos?
Gandalf Vs Dumbledore: Who would be the champion?
Who would win in a one-on-one battle: pike vs. piranha?
If bees, wasps and hornets had a race, who would win?
Who would win, Wonder Woman decides to hang out in a Marvel pub for once, and was immediately approached by Gambit, Hercules, Johnny Storm, Namor, Tony Stark, and Wolverine?
Who would win, Scarlet Witch or Superman?
Who would win a war between the west and the rest of the world?
In a three way match between the Arachnids , Xenomorphs , and an alien battle exosuit , who would win?
Who'd win, Darkseid vs Frieza?
Two Dr Gero's appear on two Earths. DC's main continuity and Marvel's. They each create a Cell based solely on data from their respective Earths. Which one would win in a fight?
Who would win a full-scale conventional war between France and Germany without nukes?
Who would win in a fight between Magneto and Apocalypse?
Ninja Cat Fight! Sheik vs Catwoman: Who would be the victor?
Who would win in a battle between the Pontifical Swiss Guard and the Yeomen Warders?
Who would win out of MCU Daredevil vs. MCU Ant-man, and why?
Could the Culture defeat Galactus?
Who would win this brawl: Kratos vs Wonder Woman?
Who would win, Boromir or Eddard Stark?
If a World War started and each country could fight using hand to hand combat which country would win?
Who would win a fight: Flash vs Wolverine?
Most epic fight I can ever thing of. Avatar States VS Silver Eyes
In a battle between all of the Marvel Universe versus Cosmic Armored Superman, who would win?
Who would win, "Owl" Eto or Tatara?
Who would win, Android 18 or Carol Denvers?
Who would win in a proxy war between Littlefinger and Varys?
World War II but with the USA on the axis instead of the allies.
Who would win out of A squad of Navy Seals VS Bigfoot, and why?
Who would win, Batman Villains vs. Spider-Man Villains?
Who'd win, Black Panther vs. Batman?
Who'd win, A horde of hippos vs. an equal number of cows & cows & cows?
Who will win the upcoming war between Quora and anonymous trolls?
Commander Shepard seizes control of North Korea. Where are they in 20 years?
A composite for a new age, Brad Pitt as every character he's ever played, who does he beat?
Who would win in a fight between Naruto and Sakura?
Who would win in a fight between Snake Eyes and Batman?
Who would win - 8 Dwayne “The Rock” Johnsons or one Silverback gorilla?
Who would win in a fight, an A10 Warthog or a dragon?
A Terminator Space Marine squad attacks the Death Star.
Jake the Dog vs. Ben Grimm
Why is the lion considered king of the jungle when tigers nearly always beat them in a fight?
Who would win, SS Blue Vegeta vs Jiren?
Who would be the champion out of Marines vs Bodybuilders vs Mall Ninjas vs Tribesman vs 100 Tigers, and why?
Who would win this match: DC Sharks vs Marvel Dinosaurs?
Who'd win, Theokolyse vs Gregor "The Mountain" Clegane?
What if every ISIS member suddenly turned into a penguin?
How many Wonder Womans would it take to beat Superman in a fight?
Who would win in a fist fight: Angela Merkel or Hillary Clinton?
If Europeans had to vote for either the Democrats or Republicans, who would win?
Theodore "Teddy" Roosevelt vs. a bear that is tied to a tree.
Who would win this brawl: Great White Shark vs. Giant Alligator Snapping Turtle?
Can you explain in basic terms why Hitler invaded Russia, despite starting out as an ally?
Is it possible for America and Russia to go to war without causing WW3?
Who would win out of Honey Badger vs. Mantis Shrimp, and why?
If reincarnation was real, what would happen if World War 3 were to wipe out all life on Earth?
The Tick vs King Shark: Who would come out on top?
Frankenstein's Monster, Dracula, The Wolf Man, The Wicked Witch of the West, and The Mummy get in a fight who would win?
Donald Trump in a general election against Frank Underwood
Who would have the edge out of Luke Skywalker in an X-Wing vs. Fox McCloud in an Arwing, and why?
Who would win in a fight, a maxed-out Skyrim Dragonborn or Voldemort’s most powerful form?
A battle of bluffs - Light vs Bender: Who would have the edge?
Wolverine vs 72 Bloodlusted Crocodiles: Who would claim victory?
Who'd win, 5 Neckbeards Injected with the Super Soldier Serum vs Geralt of Rivia in a sword fight?
On what basis is the probability of winning a running race decided?
The book "The Bedford Incident" was a naval cliffhanger about combat between a US destroyer and a Russian submarine during the Cold War. How realistic was the book?
A boxing match between Black Panther and Sarah Pallmer: Who would be the winner?
Your character has to fight a bear for every 1 lb they can lift.
THE ROCK Vs SCHWARZENEGGER: Who would be the victor?
Who would win this fight: Mei , Frozone , and Mr. Freeze have a contest. Who can eat the most ice cream before getting a brain freeze?
Who'd win, Lion vs Tiger vs Bear?
Who would win, Cheetah vs Kraven?
What will trigger WW3?
Who would win, GGG or Conor McGregor in a street fight?
Who'd win, Justice League vs Black Order?
Who would win this combat: Martin Luther King, Jr. vs. Adolf Hitler.....in coaching a sports team?
Who would win in a war between the USA, the UK, India, Israel, Japan, and South Korea vs China, Iran, and Syria?
Who would win in a battle between a Roman legionnaire and the Persian cavalry?
Who would win in a battle between Captain Barbossa and his crew before they turned human, Davy Jones and his Crew, or Captain Salazar and his crew? All at sea in their respective ships of course.
Who would win, Herobrine or Grandmaster Luke Skywalker?
Who would win, Magneto vs Starkiller?
How come Dan ‘the Beast’ Severn and Ken Shamrock never wrestled each other or fought each other when they were in the WWF?
If there were a second Vietnam War with a modern day US, would things end differently?
Who would win, Thanos with the Heart of the Universe or The One Above All?
can Peter Parker and Clark Kent survive Voldemort & the Death Eaters?
Who would win this punch-up: Cloud Vs. Lightning?
Who would win, two children vs two adults?
Who would win in a fight between 2 untrained humans in a fully stocked M1 Abrams tank, or 3 angry bull elephants?
What would happen if Pakistan has an all out war with the US?
Who will win in a tug of war between Krillin vs Eddie Hall?
Toriko vs. Holy Shounen Trilogy: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Buffy runs a Teen Wolf Gauntlet
If Obama and trump were to get in a fist fight who would win and what would be the winning move?
In the tug of war, does the heavier team win? Is it more about strength or mass? What are other reasons?
Who becomes the dominant species on planet earth if all animals can use human technology as well as we do?
How was it impossible for the US to win the Vietnam War?
Gladiatorial combat will be added to the 2020 summer Olympics, which country will win in this event?
What military weapons, aircraft, or ships would be effective against the Empire in Star Wars?
Who would win -Hercules vs Zeus?
Who would win in a war between the East and the West?
Who would win a battle between Darth Zannah and Darth Traya?
If a coyote fought an American pit bull terrier, which would win?
What could Russia have done to win a Russo-Japanese war?
What's the strongest animal a medieval knight could kill with full gear on?
Could '2018 UK' defeat '1980 USA' in a hypothetical war?
Who would claim victory out of The Cooper Gang from Sly Cooper vs The Assassins from Assassin's Creed, and why?
Who would have the edge out of Old Yeller vs Bambi's Mother, and why?
Who would win, Naruto and Sasuke or Kaguya?
After his parents' death, Young Bruce Wayne sells his soul to the Devil and becomes Ghost Rider, does he clean up Gotham? Or will he be stopped?
Who would have the edge out of Superman VS Batman, and why?
TV and MOOVIES Questions and Discussions 11/13/15: Who would be victorious?
Who would win in Dragon Ball Super, Whis versus Beerus versus MUI Goku?
Who would win in a Quora battle between David S. Rose and Jason M. Lemkin?
Can you and your team of historical besties take over the world?
Every superhero ever is taken to the real world, but there is a catch
The Battle of Hogwarts has commenced. can Anakin Skywalker, Captain Tarkin, & Commander Cody successfully lead a squad of Clone Troopers into the Forbidden Forest to kill Voldemort?
Navy Seals vs. Samurai...a clearing in a dense forest: Who would come out on top?
Who would win in a fight? Ezzio or Altair?
My dad vs. your dad.
Who would win this punch-up: William Shakespeare with a sword vs Miyamoto Musashi with a pen?
Who'd win, Ciri vs. Talion?
Power vs Magic vs Tech pt 2: Who would win?
If you were Hannibal, what would you do differently to ensure a victory for Carthage in the second and rest of the Punic Wars?
Who would win in a fight to the death, Natsu Dragneel or Monkey D. Luffy?
What were you doing on September 11th, 2001?
Who would win in a fight between a fox and a beaver?
What equipment would a human need to beat an adult male silver back gorilla?
Who'd win, Spider-Man vs. Hermes?
It's 2016, how does your favorite character fare in the election for President of the United States of America?
Who would win a fight, Vision from Marvel or The Hulk?
Peak Polar Bear runs a gauntlet
Who'd win, Bruce Lee Vs. Mike Tyson?
Who would have won a war between Great Yuan and the Khanate of the Golden Horde?
Who would win in a fight between Saitama from One Punch Man and God?
Who would win, 66 Siberian Tigers vs. a Whale Shark?
What do you think about America going back to its isolationist attitude before the world war 2?
What are some strategies to improve the chances of winning betting on horse racing?
Who would win, Ant-Man vs Skull Island?
Who would win in a fight, Aang or Darth Vader?
Who would win in a battle between a Terminator and Robo-Cop?
Who would win, Historical Assassin vs Historical Ninja?
How soon do you think WW3 will start? Who will the protagonists & antagonists be? What will be the causes?
Your favorite ice-themed character vs your favorite fire-themed character.
Who would win, End of the cycle vs The God Emperor of Mankind?
Who'd win, Worldbreaker Hulk vs. Hulk with Bruce Banners brain?
How would win in a fight between the American military and one billion lions?
Cthulu VS The God Emperor of Mankind: Who would have the edge?
Ares, the God of War vs. Cthulu, the ultimate Eldritch Horror: Who would be victorious?
Who would win this match: Spider-Man vs Deadpool vs Blade vs Black Panther?
Who would win if there was a 22-yard race between Usain Bolt and MS Dhoni?
If the world went to war soon, which countries would be involved? Who would fight who? How could the war be started?
Who'd win, Ten Redcoats from Assassin's Creed 3 Vs. Helen Keller with a baseball bat?
Who would win in a fight between Black Widow and Black Panther?
Who would claim victory out of Jehuty Ver. 2 + Dingo Egret VS. Wing Gundam Zero + Heero Yuy, and why?
Who would win in a fight between a velociraptor and a gibbon?
Who would win this match: Endeavour from My Hero vs Sakura from Naruto?
Who would win in a war between Nazi Germany and the current Iran?
Speculative scenario: what would win in a duel between a Carcharodon megalodon and a Livyatan melvillei?
Who would win a battle between Batman and Ultron?
Does being fat give you an advantage in a fight?
What would have happened if Europe decided to form a single nation to compete with the Soviet Union after World War 2?
The virus from "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" has given most land animals human intelligence. Who conquers the earth?
Fully Grown Male Grizzly Bear vs Fully Grown Male Hippo
Who would be the victor out of Wolverine vs Captain America, and why?
Which country is most likely to trigger WW3?
6 of your favorite characters in a huge Mass Effect gauntlet!
Who would win in a fight between Iron Man and Batman? Why?
Who'd win, Kanye West vs. Sarah Palin in an idiot contest?
Team of the Month: The Rave Warriors
Who would win this brawl: Juggernaut vs Juggernaut?
Silver age Superman is denying your town water. Silver age Aquaman is trying to smuggle water into your town. Are you able to get a drink?
Who'd win, British Man'o'war vs. US Destroyer?
Who'd win, Gaara vs Crocodile?
Ghost Rider vs Bayonetta: Who would be the victor?
Goku and superman fused who can defeat them: Who would be victorious?
Who would be the champion out of Batman & Black Panther vs Master Chief & Doomguy, and why?
Where does The Siberian rank amoung stand abilities?
Can a street fighter win a fight with a person who has been practising some kind of martial art or boxing for years?
Who would win in a fight between Thanos with the Infinity Gauntlet and Ganondorf with the Triforce?
Who would win a battle between Dexter and Hannibal Lecter?
Who'd win, Pre-Apocalypse Rick vs. Pre-Apocalypse Negan?
Who would win this fight: Anime vs Comics in a Team Showdown?
How would the Night's Watch so in the following situation?
An unarmoured Spartan-ll vs a Master Assassin in hand to hand combat
Who would win, Sabretooth vs variety team?
How would the war change for Germany if half of their navy was replaced with H44 battleships and half with CVE carriers?
Who would win this fight: Spider-Man vs Hulk in a game of dodgeball?
Who would win out of 1995-96 Chicago Bulls vs 1927 New York Yankees, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Lobo and Superman Prime One Million?
In a fair fight with swords/spears or knives, who would win, Gamora, Nebula, Black Widow or Okoye?
Who would win in a battle between a wolf and an eagle?
Will it ever be a possibility that North Korea will start World War 3? Or are they just scaring the world?
Borg versus Cybermen, who wins?
In a massive war with only medieval technology, who would win-- centaurs or humans?
Who would win in a fight between Ronda Rousey and Lennox Lewis?
Featured Team: The Ultimates
Who would be the champion out of 40K Strong Zulu army vs 200K Roman tribesmen, and why?
Who would win, One grizzly bear given an elephant tranquilizer vs 3 Lil Waynes high on cough syrup with butterfly knifes?
Who would win this combat: Shuri was kidnapped instead of Tony Stark and forced to build weapons for the Terrorists, can she escape and how?
Who'd win, Harley Quinn Vs Corey?
Who would win in a fight, The Flash or Black Lightning?
Who wins the rivalry fight between Alfred Borden & Robert Angier at the end in The Prestige?
Who would win in an all out war between a reunited Mongol Empire, a reunited Roman Empire, and a modern CSA?
If war breaks out in the present situation between India and Pakistan, which country will be able to win?
Who would win in a fight The Joker and The Green Goblin?
Who would win in a fight: Punisher or Captain America?
How could Sweden have won the Great Northern War?
Killus vs Koon Ran: Who would be the victor?
Who'd win, One Piece vs. Naruto?
Who will win in a war between China and US- backed South Korea?
If the following were to invade Earth, who would be more merciful towards humanity, the Galactic Empire or the Gem Homeworld?
Who would win in a marathon, from first to last; a cheetah, a horse, a wolf, or a human?
Who would win in a fight between the Punisher from the early 2000s and the Reboot Punisher from the Marvel Cinematic Universe? Why? How?
How would the world be different if the British had won the American Revolutionary War?
In a drag race on tarmac, would the Standard 500 or the Himalayan win?
What animal is truly top of the food chain?
Who'd win, The tree border guards from the recent movie "Maleficent* vs. the Ents from LOTR. Books or movies, whatever?
Ultron really wanted to drive home his meteor-extinction metaphor, so instead of using Sokovia as his meteor, he chooses Jurassic Park
Who would win, Cell vs. Doomsday?
A pissed off silverback gorilla versus Chewbacca in unarmed combat, who would win?
100 Navy SEALs equipped with anything you can find in a large hardware store - VS - 100 medieval knights: Who would be the champion?
Who would win this fight: Count Dooku vs. Deathstroke?
Who'd win, 2 highly trained MMA fighters vs 1 adult male chimp?
The Chicago Cubs just signed Metal Bat to their team. Can they now win the World Series?
Who would win: Kyrat vs. North Korea
What are some fictional characters that would be an equal match in a fight with Goku?
Who'd win, Captain Hook vs Captain Hook vs Captain Hook?
"I have an army" - "We have a sponge" baffled by Stark's choice of words, Loki shows up to thenbig battle, expecting the Avengers but its Spongebob and co. can the Sponge crew defeat MCU Loki?
Can your favorite normal human character defeat the entire Infinity Franchise from LISA: The Pointless?
What would happen if the USA and Canada went to war with Russia?
If characters that are animal themed were broken down into teams, what animals are the strongest?
If Ultra Instinct Goku vs. Thanos, who would win?
Amateur Hour - Obscure Character Discussion for 12/13/2015
What are the best arguments against fears of World War III in between Syria and North Korea? What factors make World War III unlikely, at least within the next decade?
Who would win in a fight Assasins Creed VS Kingsman?
Who would win this battle: Two Hungry, Aggressive Hippos vs 4 Medieval Knights?
What is the possibility, out of 10, of a North Korea vs USA war?
An Elephant vs. an Allosaurus
Another Unholy Union! Dante and Bayonetta conceive a child! The child is a girl and has demonic heritage plus Umbra Witch powers.
Who wins in a fight, Loki or Captain America?
You get 10% stronger and faster each time you die, how long does it take to beat this gauntlet? Who would win?
Hypothetical Wars: Who will win in a war between Anglo-Japanese Alliance and the US and?
The Real Madrid plays versus the Atletico Madrid tonight. Who will win?
Who would come out on top out of Alucard vs Dante, and why?
Help Me Settle an Argument Please For the Love of God
Who would win, Batman with prep time vs. Stephan hawking with the infinity gauntlet?
Burt Gummer goes hunting on Isla Sorna . How many Dinosaurs does he bag?
Who would win if New 52 Superman and She Hulk fought?
Who will win in a war between Dragon Ball characters and Marvel characters?
Who would win in a fight between Deathlok and The Winter Soldier? Why?
Why did the average German soldier keep fighting when they had obviously lost WWII?
Who is the fastest between Superman and Sentry?
Which US president would win against all the others in an arena?
Who would win in a war between Israel and Saudi Arabia versus Turkey and Iran?
If Jackie Chan fought Chef Ming using only guns that shoot Kung Pow chicken, who would win?
A T-Rex with Mjölnir
Who would win a war between NATO and SCO?
Goku vs Totally Spies and Kim Possible universes: Who would be the winner?
Who would win if all the Disney princesses fought, Hunger Games style?
Michael Weston |vs| Dexter Morgan
Who'd win, Daredevil vs. Nightcrawler?
Who would win, Juggernaut or Gorilla Grodd?
Who would win, Swamp Thing vs Destiny of the Endless?
Who do you think would win in a war between the US & Israel?
Featured Team: The Justice League of Earth 6
Who would win this punch-up: Black Panther vs Loki in hand to hand combat?
Who would win out of Pack of Hyenas vs. a Pack of North American Grey Wolves, and why?
Can India pull off an invasion of north Korea?
Who'd win, Ebony Maw and Professor X vs Manchester Black and Gorilla Grodd?
Samwise Gamgee has to escort Frodo to Mordor, but Sam decided to bring along his dog, Wilfred.
Who would win in a fight, the Darkness or Saitama?
Strongest Superhero or Villain the Omnidroid can beat: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight between Captain Atom and Superman?
China, Pakistan, North Korea, Iran, Russia vs. USA, all of NATO, Japan, South Korea, India, ANZAC, Saudi Arabia, and Vietnam. No Nukes, who wins?
There is a Pro-LGBT Vigilante Organization
Who would win a trade war between China and America?
Who would win, Classic Hulk vs Iron Monger?
Who'd win, USA vs Russia?
Were there any animals that could defeat a killer whale pod?
Who'd win, Obama VS Putin. 12 round boxing match with no gloves?
Who would be the champion out of Trump, Eisenhower, Regan, Truman and Kennedy run in the 2016 presidential elections, and why?
Who would win, Obito and his Six Paths of Pain vs Sage of the Six Path/Hagoromo Otsutsuki?
Who would be the winner out of The God Emperor of Mankind vs Silver Surfer, and why?
Who would win in a fight between Allen Kinney and Ali Khan?
What's the biggest animal an unarmed human would win against?
Who will win the race and why? Including friction, mass, moment of inertia, acceleration, etc
Who'd win, 100 Navy SEALs vs 10,000 Roman Centurions?
Who would win, Pre-Weapon X Victor Creed vs. A Grizzly Bear?
Who would win, The USA has a 2016 Civil War: Army and Air Force vs Navy and Marine Corp?
Who Would Win: Dr Manhattan vs Thanos
Marvel vs DC Brains vs Brawn minitournament: Who would be the victor?
Just how powerful is the Attack on Titan universe? How does it fare up against other giant monster universes
It's time for a Bard Battle! Tom Morello vs Adam Jones!
Your Favorite Kaiju VS Your Favorite Superhero
You and one superhero or supervillian V.S. every other superhero and supervillian. DC and Marvel universe who wins?
Would the Muslims go to war with your country if you destroyed the Ka´bah?
Superman V.S Goku
All American presidents in a Royal Rumble, who would win?
All musical groups’ names are now literal. Who is the winner in the battle of the bands?
What are some notable historical episodes of vicious verbal combat between two people?
If you're leading in a race, and your immediate opponent falls/gets hurt, what should you do? Stop to help, or continue to win?
Who would win, the Romans or Persians?
Could an immortal fly kill a human being?
Who would win, Sephiroth vs Madara Uchiha?
Who would win this punch-up: Due to a clerical error, the only candidates in a US presidential election are a cat and a dog. Who does America picks as its next president?
Leader Vs Manager? Who wins the race. People follow leaders but listen to Manager
What is the minimum number of termites it would take to defeat a human man in a wooden house dismantling contest?
Who would win in a fight between Zatoichi and Daredevil?
Who would be the winner out of The Ants in the 1950s movie "Them" vs the US military, and why?
If all the Gods from Smite fought, who would win?
With their defeat in the Presidential race, will the Democrats stop using identity politics as their strategy to win elections?
Who'd win, MUI Yamcha vs SBB 20xKK Goku?
Hafthór Júlíus Björnsson vs Adult Chimpanzee: Who would have the best chance of winning?
You with 3 Random Powers Vs. Your Favorite Pokemon Who would win?
Who would win, A pack of 30 Chimpanzee vs. 3 African Elephants?
King Jellyfish versus Alaskan Bull Worm
Spiderman riding an ostrich vs Borat: Who would win?
Who would win in a fight, Shere Khan or Scar?
MCU Ghost Rider runs the Avengers Gauntlet
What would happen if a samurai fought a Roman centurion?
Who would win, Darth Sidious/Palpatine vs Vitiate/Sith Emperor?
Who would win in a fight between Dora and Teletubbies?
How many Pikachus would it take to overrun Harry Potter and the wizards from Hogwarts?
T’Challa vs Captain America: Who would come out on top?
If a fight broke out between a lion and a shark, who would win?
Who would win, Ghost Rider VS The Specter?
You with super strength, speed and intelligence vs. Your favorite superhero Who would win?
You with random powers vs this gauntlet Who would win?
Every dinosaur has now been revived. Can humanity survive?
Who would win, Psychic Helen Keller vs. Cyber Stephen Hawking?
Who would win, Wolf Pack vs Grizzly Bear?
Who'd win, Voldemort, Batman, & Daredevil vs Deadpool, Maul, & Storm Shadow?
Who'd win, Human embryo vs elephant embryo?
Who'd win, Rhino vs Killer Croc vs Doomsday vs Bizarro?
Two drawings I made when I was about 7 in a fight to the death.
Who would win a fight between a lion and a grizzly bear?
Who would win in a fight, 1,000 moths or a human?
Who would win, Obito and his entire army vs Hagoromo and his brother?
2 Quinkanas vs. a Hippo: Who would have the best chance of winning?
Your favorite villain is visited by the ghosts of Christmas. Are they evil enough to resist changing their ways?
Who will win, Urawa Red Diamonds versus Hiroshima Sanfrecce in the J-League, Division 1?
Given advanced intelligence, can ants overthrow humanity?
Who would win in a non-nuclear war between the UK and Russia?
Warbandit from Medabots VS Hank Wimbledon from Madness Combat... Who would win?
Who would win, Mob vs Tatsumaki?
Who would win in a fight, Sauron vs Voldemort vs Darth Vader?
Who would win in a fight, Obito or Ironman?
Who will win in a fight between Young Luffy and Young Midoriya?
What are the differences in naval combat between Assassin's creed 3, 4, and Rogue?
How does the quote "slow and steady wins the race" actually apply in real life?
What country has started the most wars?
Who would win, Prince Vegeta, the Last Airbender, has emerged from an iceberg after 100 years. Can he master all four elements and defeat the fire lord before Sozin's comet arrives?
Your pet/favorite animal is now a pokemon and you're its trainer.
Who is powerful enough to make Beerus their lap cat?
Who would win in a fight, Goku or Spawn?
Who would win, Danzo or Kakashi Sixth Hokage?
Doom Slayer vs Tony Stark: Who would claim victory?
Who would have the edge out of Fantasy Lit Battle: Vin vs Kaladin vs Caine vs Kvothe, and why?
weakest water user that could defeat deep sea king
Who'd win, Polar Bear vs Great White Shark?
Holding Out for a Hero: Deathstroke and Doctor Octopus vs Hobgoblin and Nightwing
Who would win, Earthworm Jim vs the Alaskan Bull Worm?
Bane vs A Bloodlusted Chimp: Who would be the champion?
Jakeem Thunder runs a gauntlet
Which Robin would win in a fight
Who in MARVEL or DC would be the victims of the most powerful Penance Stare from Ghost Rider?
Will be a fight between Sanji and Kizaru?
Who would win in a battle between the Warhammer 40k universe and the Dragon Ball universes?
Who would win in a fight a Shark or a Grizzly Bear?
What if suddenly every insect on the planet made it its mission to kill the humans?
Who'd win, Hippo vs Walrus?
You vs the last animal you ate Who would win?
How many piranhas would it take to kill an adult human?
Donald Duck vs. Donald Trump: Who would win?
Who would win between Ghost Rider versus Goku?
Who is the weakest character that could beat Bad Wolf Rose ?
Captain America gets bitten by a radioactive spider. Can Spider-Cap beat BatVenom? Who else could he beat?
Who'd win, Shadow vs Reaper vs Sasuke vs Zamasu in a contest of edge?
Who would win a free for all of the Overwatch Cast?
Was the Soviet Union participating in The Race to the Moon, meaning, were they racing the U.S. to put a man on the Moon first, or did the U.S. just make that up so that it could win a race nobody else was running?
Why is the wreck of SS Waratah so difficult to locate?
How would a lone human survive in a Battle Royale between a silverback gorilla, a chimpanzee, a grizzly bear, a wolverine, a pack of wolves, and a lion if all he had was 3 days of prep time, a hunting knife, and a forest?
What animal can defeat an adult male polar bear?
Who'd win, Cat vs Mouse?
How would a human fare in a cage match against a honey badger?
All of the Dinosaurs from Jurassic World vs All of the Xenomorphs from LB426
Who would win in a fight between Luffy and Reed Richards?
